A boy named "Link" is seen sleeping inside of a treehouse.
Link dreams of Hyrule Castle Town amid a rainstorm. The town's drawbridge lowers, allowing a horse carrying a girl and a woman to leave. The girl looks at Link, who stands outside of the town walls, as the horse gallops out of sight.
Soon, a man emerges from the town atop a horse. He raises his left hand, and directs the palm thereof toward Link. The dream ends. Deku Tree Navi... Navi, where art thou? Come hither.... Oh, Navi the fairy... Listen to my words, the words of the Deku Tree... Dost thou sense it? The climate of evil descending upon this realm... Malevolent forces even now are mustering to attack our land of Hyrule... For so long, the Kokiri Forest, the source of life, has stood as a barrier, deterring outsiders and maintaining the order of the world... But...before this tremendous evil power, even my power is as nothing. It seems the time has come for the boy without a fairy to begin his journey... The youth whose destiny it is to lead Hyrule to the path of justice and truth... Navi...go now! Find our young friend and guide him to me... I do not have much time left. Fly, Navi, fly! The fate of the forest, nay, the world, depends upon thee!
Navi leaves the Deku Tree, and looks about within the Kokiri's area of the forest. After some difficulties, lastly flying into a fence, Navi arrives at Link's treehouse and finds him sleeping.
Link awakens.
As Link exits the treehouse, a female Kokiri approaches.
Link climbs down a ladder.
[007] is sitting on a platform above the shop.
[008] is standing on a pillar, accessible only via two small suspension bridges, one connected to a pillar and the other to Saria's house.
A Blue Rupee is acquired upon successful crossing of the pond.
Sign 13: Kokiri Shop >We have original forest goods! Sign 14 : Saria's House Sign 15 : House of Twins Sign 16 : Just ahead: Great Deku Tree's Meadow Sign 17 : The Lost Woods [ Buildings ]
House of the Know-it-All Brothers:
There are three kinds of items: Equipment items, {C} Button items and Quest items. Equipment items are things like the sword, shield and clothes that are effective when you equip them. {C} Button items can be set to {C Left}, {C Down}, and {C Right}, and used by pressing those buttons. Quest items are things you collect during your adventure. You just carry them around. If you want to change equipment or just check on your inventory, press STAR. You will get into the Subscreens. Switch to one of the four different Subscreens with {Z} or {R} and change or check items as you please. Take a look around! When you decide to equip an Equipment item, press {A}. For {C} Button items, press {C Left}, {C Down} or {C Right}. That was a pretty long explanation. Did you understand everything?
House of Twins:
Kokiri Shop:
Mido is blocking the path to the Great Deku Tree's Meadow.
Past the Hole of "Z", there is a chest containing the Kokiri Sword. Upon returning to Mido with both the sword and the Deku Shield equipped:
Deku Scrub 1 and 2 are located in different rooms.
The third Deku Scrub is accompanied by two others.
Upon defeating "Parasitic Armored Arachnid: Gohma", which is encountered in the room past the third Scrub's locale, Link is teleported to the Deku Tree's meadow.
The man from Link's dream is depicted riding his horse through flames.
Three humanoid figures are shown descending from a sky.
The imagery ceases, and the camera pulls away from the tree's mouth.
The Deku Tree begins to wither.
Navi pauses for a moment, before following Link out of the meadow.
Buildings
Mido's house:
House of Twins:
Kokiri Shop:
Link comes to a bridge, whereat Saria is present.
After a pause, Link departs.
Near: Kokiri Forest
An owl named "Kaepora Gaebora" is perched atop a tree branch.
Near: Kakariko Village
Near: Lake Hylia
Near: Gerudo Valley
Market - Outside
[013] and [014] are dancing together.
Market - Buildings
Bombchu Bowling Alley:
Shooting Gallery: Sign 01 Shooting Gallery 20 Rupees for one play There are 10 targets. You have 15 chances. Hit all 10 targets! Hit 10 targets -- Perfect Prize Hit 8 or more -- Free Retry Hit less than 8 -- Game Over Rules at this Shooting Gallery Don't lean on the counter. Don't disturb other customers. [020] Do you want to play a game? It's 20 Rupees per play.
With sufficient funds:
Less than eight:
Eight or nine:
Ten:
He provides an upgrade to the slingshot's ammunition storage. Subsequently, he provides Purple Rupees.
Happy Mask Shop: Additional script concerning this shop is transcribed in 03'04 and 03'05.
Potion Shop:
Bazaar:
When purchasing a Hylian Shield, after the Death Mountain gate has been opened: You heard about us from the guard at Death Mountain gate? Well, I have to give you a good deal then!
He deducts ten Rupees from the eighty-Rupee price.
Back Alley - Outside
Back Alley - Buildings
The first and third buildings:
No one is inside the second building.
Market - Outside
Two guards here say the same thing as [001].
Market - Buildings
Treasure Box Shop:
With sufficient funds, he provides a Door Key.
In each room, there are two chests; one contains a Door Key, while the other contains Rupees. Upon retrieving Rupees (green in first two, blue in second two, red in fifth):
There is a Piece of Heart in a chest in the final room. On subsequent completions, the chest contains a Purple Rupee.
In the entrance room, after failing a game:
In the entrance room, after winning a game:
Bombchu Bowling Alley:
Back Alley - Buildings
The first building appears to be a shop, but no one is inside.
She provides a Piece of Heart. On subsequent retrievals of Richard, she provides a Blue Rupee.
A girl named "Malon" is present in the market.
Once the castle grounds have been entered at least once, Malon appears there on subsequent visits.
Upon the arrival of 06:00:
A guard stands by a large gate.
Vines allow access to a cliff that leads past the gate. Upon being spotted by the other guards:
During the daytime, after having been caught at least once:
Once Talon has been awoken:
With sufficient funds:
A man named "Talon" is sleeping on the ground by the castle's walls.
The Weird Egg chicken wakes Talon via crowing.
He frantically runs out of the area.
There are three windows here. In one window are paintings of Mario, Luigi, Bowser, Peach, and Yoshi of the Mario videogame series.
Upon firing a seed from the slingshot into the second window, a guard speaks from behind it and throws a bomb into the courtyard, saying
The princess is looking into the third window.
She repeats herself from "That's right..."
Behind the window, the man from Link's dream kneels on the ground.
He looks toward the window. Link backs up.
Near the courtyard's entrance.
She takes Link to Hyrule Field.
She tosses a Deku Nut to the ground. By the time that its light fades, she is no longer present.
Buildings
House of Twins:
The "Area XX" portions precede the meadow. The numbers have no bearing on the woods's layout. Events transcribed in areas 03-07 are optional.
A Skull Kid is playing a flute atop a tree stump. Link catches the Skull Kid's attention by playing the Fairy Ocarina while on another stump.
Upon playing Saria's Song:
He provides a Piece of Heart.
For additional script involving Skull Kid, refer to 03'04.
Upon thrice consecutively hitting the center of a target with projectiles fired by the slingshot:
The Deku Scrub provides a "Deku Seeds Bullet Bag".
Two Skull Kids are standing on tree stumps. When Link readies his Ocarina while standing on a third stump:
Initially, they provide a Green Rupee. They reward Link with a Blue Rupee for his second successful session, a Piece of Heart for his third success, and a Red Rupee per each success thereafter.
Underground:
For additional script regarding this, refer to 03'05.
A man is present outside during the day, and in the stable at night.
Malon is singing in the fenced field.
Epona runs away.
When speaking to her again:
Epona returns.
With sufficient funds:
Nothing more is said.
With sufficient funds:
After the "Golly!" paragraph:
If an empty bottle is available, he provides Lon Lon Milk. If not:
Nothing more is said.
When trying to enter Malon/Talon's residence at night, Talon shouts from inside.
[007] is on the roof of Granny's Potion Shop.
When speaking to him while on the roof:
He provides a Piece of Heart.
To get a good view, use {C Up} and look around with {Control Stick}.
She provides an Empty Bottle. On subsequent collections of her Cuccos, she provides a Purple Rupee.
When speaking to her again:
Sign 01 : Dark! Narrow! Scary! Well of Three Features [ Buildings ]
Impa's house:
House of Skulltula:
The residents are large Skulltula with partially-human faces and, in the case of [011], arms.
After killing enough spiders to break at least one person's curse:
[012], freed by acquiring 10 tokens, provides the Adult's Wallet. [013], freed by acquiring 20 tokens, provides the Stone of Agony. [014], freed by acquiring 30 tokens, provides the Giant's Wallet. [015], freed by acquiring 40 tokens, provides ten Bomchus. [016], freed by acquiring 50 tokens, provides a Piece of Heart. One-hundred tokens are required to free [011]. Upon speaking to him
[011] provides a Huge Rupee, and continues to do so on Link's subsequent visits to the house.
This building appears to be a shop, but nothing is laid out for sale, and no one is behind the counter.
When trying to enter this building from the back door:
[019] speaks from behind the house's door.
Note 01: Granny's Potion Shop Closed Gone for Field Study Please come again! --Granny
Windmill:"?" appears as the title for this building.
When trying to move tombstones:
When trying to enter Dampé's hut:
Sign 01 : Heart-Pounding Gravedigging Tour! From 18:00 to 21:00 Hyrule Time --Dampé the Gravekeeper
Tombstone1: R.I.P. Here lie the souls of those who swore fealty to the Royal Family of Hyrule [sic] The Sheikah, guardians of the Royal Family and founders of Kakariko, watch over these spirits in their eternal slumber.
Tombstone2: Royal Composer Bros. Sharp the Elder R.I.P.
Tombstone3: Royal Composed Bros Flat the Younger R.I.P.
Tombstone4: Royal Family's Tomb
Buildings
Impa's house:
[010]'s house:
[019] speaks from behind the house's door.
He does not comment upon anything that is retrieved.
When trying to enter Dampé's hut, depending on the time:
Gravekeeper's Hut:
A ghost appears upon examining the second or third tombstone in the graveyard. Upon defeating it:
"Yes" prompts him to repeat himself from "I am one of". "No" prompts him to disappear.
Upon defeating the other tombstone's ghost, or defeating the same ghost for a second time:
"Yes" prompts him to repeat himself from "I am one of". "No" prompts him to disappear.
Upon playing Zelda's Lullaby on the Triforce mark on the ground near the Royal Family's Tomb, the tombstone is destroyed by a bolt of lightning.
Within the tomb, upon examining skeletal remains:
Deeper inside the tomb, there is writing on a wall. Tablet: This poem is dedicated to the memory of the dearly departed members of the Royal Family. The rising sun will eventually set. A newborn's life will fade. From sun to moon, moon to sun... Give peaceful rest to the living dead.
Outside, upon defeating the ghost of either Sharp or Flat:
Upon presenting Zelda's Letter to the guard:
He opens the gate.
For additional script with this man, refer to 03'04.
When speaking to him again:
Sign 01: Dodongo's Cavern Don't enter without permission!
Sign 02 Follow the trail along the edge of the cliff and you will reach Goron City, home of the Gorons.
Sign 03 : Natural Wonder Bomb Flower! Danger! Do not uproot!
Sign 04 : Land of the Gorons Goron City
[002] is on a platform suspended by ropes.
Upon examining the place where the Spiritual Stone had been:
[ Level 2 ] Sign 01: If you can stop my wild rolling, you might get something great. --Hot Rodder Goron
Upon examining the carpet near the door to Darunia's room:
Access to Darunia's room can be gained by playing Zelda's Lullaby while standing on the carpet near his room's door.
Upon playing Saria's Song, Darunia begins to dance wildly.
Bomb Flowers can be used to clear the path to a large Goron.
Using a Deku Stick, fire from the torches in Darunia's room can be retrieved and employed to light the two torches on this level. After doing so:
The tunnel, blocked by boulders, leads to the Lost Woods.
Lighting them causes an enormous vase to spin about the room. Upon tossing a bomb inside of it, items are dispensed.
After having destroyed the boulder with a Bomb Flower:
In the cavern's main room, there is an enormous rock structure in the shape of a Dodongo's head on a wall.
Dropping bombs into the head's eyes will cause its eye sockets to turn red. When both are red, it opens its mouth, revealing a door at its throat.
In one of the cavern's rooms is a hole that leads to a large chamber, in the middle of which is a pool of lava. "Infernal Dinosaur: King Dodongo" walks and rolls about the edge of the room.
Upon defeating the boss, a circle of light appears, which teleports Link to
Darunia drops down from above. He pats Link on his head, which--Gorons being rather forceful--knocks him to the ground.
Two Gorons fall into the area.
They approach Link, who quickly begins to run. A third Goron blocks Link's path down the mountain, so he heads upward.
[ Level 2 ]
Upon stopping [003]:
He provides a Bomb Bag upgrade.
On subsequent stops
When Darunia finishes dancing:
Perched atop the sixth sign:
Upon examining a certain wall:
The wall can be destroyed, opening the path to a Great Fairy's Fountain.
After having met with the Great Fairy:
Kaepora Gaebora deposits Link on a rooftop in Kakariko Village.
[001], a man, is sitting on the ground while eating beans.
With sufficient funds:
Subsequently:
Upon stepping on a certain log:
Upon drawing the Ocarina, the five frogs--each colored differently--jump out of the water and onto other logs. Each frog corresponds to a button: Dark blue to C Left, yellow to C Down, red to C Right, gray to C Up, and light blue to A.
Upon playing certain music, a frog grow will in size. Zelda's Lullaby: Dark blue Epona's Song: Gray Saria's Song : Yellow Sun's Song : Light blue Song of Time : Red
If a frog grew, then they provide a Purple Rupee; otherwise, they provide a Blue Rupee.
Upon playing the Song of Storms:
They initially provide a Piece of Heart. Subsequently, they provide a Blue Rupee.
Once all five frogs have grown:
If the frogs are properly conducted:
They provide a Piece of Heart.
There is an inscription on the ground near a waterfall.
The water parts upon playing Zelda's Lullaby, revealing the entrance to Zora's Domain.
"<first>" is whichever Zora to whom Link initially speaks. Later interaction with that Zora will change according to its identity.
He provides a Silver Scale.
Sign 01: Just Ahead King Zora's Chamber Show the proper respect!
Sign 02: Zora Shop We have fresh fish!
Sign 03 : King Zora's Throne Room To hear the King's royal proclamations, stand on the platform and talk to him.
Sign 04 : High Dive Practice Spot Are you confident in your diving skill?
A bottle is floating around in the water.
"Help me. I'm waiting for you inside Lord Jabu-Jabu's belly. --Ruto PS: Don't tell my father!"
[ Outside ]
After playing music with the ocarina:
When speaking to him again:
Upon readying the ocarina:
If the music is inadequate:
If the music is adequate:
When speaking to Bonooru again:
There is writing on a stone on a small isle. Writing: When water fills the lake, shoot for the morning light.
[ Lakeside Laboratory ]
Sign 01: Lakeside Laboratory Daily trying to get to the bottom of the mysteries of Lake Hylia!
After having swam in the laboratory's pool:
[ Fishing Pond ]
Sign 02: Fishing Pond The fish are really biting today! Sign 03 : Rules and Regulations 1. Don't use sinking lures. 2. Don't litter. 3. Walk quietly.
While fishing:
After having paid to fish:
Potential prizes: Blue Rupee, Piece of Heart.
If no fish have been caught:
If at least one fish has been caught:
Upon attempting to exit the pond, while holding the fishing rod:
Upon offering a fish to Jabu-Jabu, it opens its mouth and inhales Link.
Inside Jabu-Jabu's Belly
She falls down a hole.
Link follows her.
Upon speaking to her again:
If Ruto is left behind:
The Spiritual Stone of Water rests on a platform in a certain room.
As Link approaches the platform, it rises to another room.
The platform brings a Bigocto to Link's location. Ruto is no longer present by the time that Link defeats the enemy and rides the platform to the above room. In one of the rooms, Link encounters "Bio-electric Anemone: Barinade". Upon defeating it, a circle of light appears, inside which Ruto is hovering in the air, and also blushing.
They are teleported onto a fallen tree trunk in Zora's Fountain. Link, startled by how close Ruto is to him, moves backward and falls off of the trunk. Ruto jumps into the water
Link comes to the town's entrance after nightfall, during a rainstorm. The drawbridge lowers, allowing Impa and Zelda to exit upon a horse. Before being carried out of sight, Zelda throws an item in Link's direction, which lands in the moat surrounding Hyrule Castle Town. Ganondorf soon emerges from the town upon his own horse.
Link readies his sword.
He raises his left hand and thereto draws magical energy, which forms a sphere. Ganondorf launches the sphere at Link, knocking him to the ground upon impact.
He takes his leave.
Regarding the item in the water:
Link hears Zelda's voice, and sees her image within the Temple of Time.
Market - Outside
Market - Buildings
Bombchu Bowling Alley:
With sufficient funds:
Piece of Heart, Purple Rupee, Bombs, Bombchu.
Bazaar:
[031] is a Goron.
Back Alley - Outside
[027] is no longer present.
A soldier is lying on the ground.
Back Alley - Buildings
Bombchu Shop:
Guards are positioned within the castle such that it is impossible for Link to reach the courtyard.
Near the Door of Time is a block on which words are inscribed.
As Link plays the Song of Time, the Spiritual Stones rise into the air and descend upon the hollows. An image of the Triforce placed on a wall glows with golden light, prompting the door to open.
As Link grasps the sword by its hilt and pulls it from its resting place, blue light engulfs the platform.
From the perspective of his eyes, Link is seen awakening in a surreal area; platforms made of water float in a room with walls of similar composition, and no apparent floor or ceiling. On the central platform are six smaller platforms that correspond to the Temple of Time's medallion images.
Link's form has changed into that of a young adult.
He repeats himself from "The Master Sword is".
A golden medallion descends from the air.
A person whose face is partially obscured by clothing suddenly appears near the Pedestal of Time. Link draws his sword.
When speaking to Sheik again:
Inscription on the block near the Door of Time:
This is where [002] had been. Now, a cloaked person with a stick is present.
Subsequently:
Upon presenting a Poe:
Upon earning 1,000 points:
[033] provides an Empty Bottle.
Subsequently:
KA = Was in Kakariko seven years ago CT = Transferred from Hyrule Castle Town
In the past:
[ Outside ]
[KA-001], the carpenters, [KA-006], and Sign 01 are no longer present.
[KA-007]'s script has not changed. Refer to 03'06 for [KA-008]'s script.
[CT-008]'s script has not changed.
[CT-013] and [CT-014] are dancing together behind the windmill.
[CT-018] is on top of a tower.
[ Buildings ]
Impa's house:
Talon is sleeping in one of this house's beds.
Refer to 03'06 for additional script from Talon.
The House of Skulltula's residents' scripts have not changed.
[CT-023] has set up his Potion Shop in the building where Ichiro had been present.
[CT-025] has set up his Bazaar in the building here [KA-019] had been present.
Potion Shop:
Windmill:
Though a certain event can be performed with [KA-020] now, it is transcribed in 02'22 so as to coincide with related happenings.
The building on which the carpenters had been working has been completed. [CT-020] has set up his Shooting Gallery in the building. [CT-020]'s script has not changed, save that he provides a quiver upgrade (once the Fairy Bow is acquired) in return for a perfect game.
[ Graveyard ]
[021] is no longer present.
Inside Dampé's hut:
[ Outside ]
[CT-013] and [CT-014] are still dancing.
Impa's house:
The scripts of Talon, [KA-010], and [CT-011] have not changed.
Note 01 : Medicine Shop Closed until morning
Note 02 : Bazaar Open only during the day
Note 03 : Shooting Gallery Open only during the day
After having raced him through the grave:
A treasure chest appears.
A passage in the final room leads to the windmill.
Malon is in the stable during the day.
At night, she sings Epona's Song in the horses' corral.
At night, Ingo sleeps in the house's bedroom.
During the day, Ingo stands outside of the corral.
While in the corral, when speaking to Ingo while on foot:
The session concludes.
When speaking to Ingo while riding a horse:
He recites the script that is used for speaking to him while on foot.
Once one minute has passed:
When speaking to Ingo while riding a horse, on the second and subsequent visits to the corral:
If Link's funds are insufficient, then Ingo says the same thing as when "Don't do it" is selected.If the funds are adequate, then the race begins.
Upon losing the race:
Upon winning the race, which is only possible by riding Epona, who must be called with Epona's Song:
Upon losing the second race:
He repeats the "Are you mad" script.* - Upon winning the second race:
He closes a gate. Epona can leap some of the ranch's outer walls.
Ingo is outside.
Malon is outside.
"Don't do it" does not prompt any additional script. "Let's go" prompts:
Secondary and subsequent attempts, after agreeing to try the challenge, without having beat the initial record:
Secondary and subsequent attempts, after agreeing to try the challenge, with having beat the initial record:
Failing to beat new records:
After Talon returns (see 03'06): During the day, Malon and Ingo are outside, while Talon is in the stable. At night, Malon and Talon are outside, while Ingo sleeps in their house.
Dismounted, day:
Though Link has aged, none of the Kokiri in the forest have changed in form. * [001-006] are Kokiri whose designations hold no bearing to past script, as their only unique visual aspect had been their locations. * [007-011] and [014] do apply to past script, as their positions are unchanged. * Two males are absent. Potential absentees: [001], [003], [004], and [006]. * [012] and [013] are not used in this section due to the two males' absence, which renders these females' unidentifiable out of [001-006]'s females. * [008] is absent.
[ Outside ]
No one is outside, as monsters have appeared.
[ Buildings ]
Mido's house:
Saria's house:
House of the Know-it-All Brothers:
House of Twins:
Kokiri Shop:
The carpenter's son is present in Area 03. For his script, refer to 03'06.
Mido is blocking a certain path in the woods.
Upon playing Saria's Song:
Sheik jumps down from a wall as Link enters Saria's prior locale.
Sheik readies a harp.
Sheik throws a Deku Nut to the ground, and is no longer present by the time that its light fades.
A certain room of the temple contains several identical paintings. As Link turns to leave the room, Ganondorf seems to appear behind him, situated on a horse. However, the figure removes its mask, revealing itself to be "Evil Spirit from Beyond: Phantom Ganon". It rides its horse in and out of the paintings, afterwards dismounting the horse and floating about the room.
Phantom Ganon disappears. A circle of light appears, which teleports Link to the Chamber of the Sages.
Saria appears before Link.
Link is transported to the Great Deku Tree's Meadow.
Refer to 02'17; the remainder of this section concerns subsequent visits to the Lost Woods.
A new tree is beginning to grow, having just emerged from underground. Link moves to take a closer look, and is knocked to the ground as it grows several feet in a moment.
The Kokiri have returned to their normal positions.
[008] is still not present.
[ Buildings ]
House of the Know-it-All Brothers:
House of Twins:
Kokiri Shop:
Sheik readies a harp.
Sheik tosses a Deku Nut to the ground, and leaves before its light fades.
A gigantic Goron named "Biggoron" is present near the crater's entrance.
For additional script concerning this character, see 03'06.
Most Gorons are absent.
With sufficient funds, he provides the Giant's Knife.
After some use, the sword breaks.
Also on the second level is a small Goron rolling about. Upon stopping the Goron via bombs:
If this is selected before "About the dragon", then:
After the other option:
After having selected both of the options:
The doors to Darunia's chamber and the Goron Shop are opened.
The statue of a Goron in Darunia's chamber blocks a path to the crater. As Link crosses a partially-broken suspension bridge, Sheik jumps into the area from a higher level.
Sheik readies a harp.
Link tries to approach Sheik, but is blocked by a wall of fire. Sheik then uses a Deku Nut to obscure vision and depart.
Link quickly encounters Darunia by the locked door to Volvagia's locale.
He enters Volvagia's chamber. The lock is reset once the door closes.
The Gorons, each placed in different cells, are curled up into balls.
After opening a Goron's cage:
The Gorons leave the temple after Link speaks to them.
In the room that Darunia had entered, there is a lava-surrounded platform on which there are nine holes, each filled with lava. "Subterranean Lava Dragon: Volvagia" flies in and out of the holes. Upon the enemy's defeat, its skin burns off and its skeleton falls apart. A circle of light appears, which teleports Link to the Chamber of the Sages. From Kakariko Village, [KA-007] observes the Death Mountain volcano erupt, after which the clouds around the volcano return to normal.
Darunia appears before Link.
[003] is not present.
The domain has been frozen. King Zora is frozen in red ice; no other Zoras appear to be present. Bottled Blue Fire can be used to thaw the ice surrounding King Zora.
Alternatively, if Link already possesses a Zora Tunic:
Regardless of having received a tunic, when speaking to him again:
The Zora Shop's entrance can also be unfrozen via Blue Fire.
The fountain has not been entirely frozen, although there is snow, and icebergs float in the waters. Jabu-Jabu is absent.
Sheik appears after Link acquires the Iron Boots from a treasure chest.
Sheik readies a harp.
Link tries to approach Sheik, but is unable to do so before Sheik uses a Deku Nut to escape.
King Zora : Ah, I see... Princess Ruto went to the Water Temple...
The lake water has almost entirely evaporated.
Outside
Pierre is not present.
If a song was played for Bonooru in the past:
Upon taking out the ocarina:
Speaking to Bonooru again:
Lakeside Laboratory
[002]'s script is the same as previously, until--via the Gold Scale gained from the Fishing Pond--Link dives deeper than he could in the past.
He provides a Piece of Heart for diving eight meters.
Fishing Pond
[003] is now wearing a hat. If the fishing pond was not visited in the past, then the first of the following paragraphs is omitted.
The remainder of this script is unchanged.
While fishing:
Note: This is the Hyrule Loach.
After having paid to fish:
New prizes: Red Rupee, Purple Rupee, Golden Scale.
He provides a Purple Rupee, or (assumed) the Golden Scale.
This is unchanged.
If no fish have been caught:
If at least one fish has been caught, then he says nothing.
Upon catching [003]'s hat with the fishing hook:
Nothing more is said.
Sinking Lure:
"Use it now." "Get rid of it."
"Weigh my fish.":
(NOTE: With illegal sinking lure.)
In a certain room:
Link seems a touch startled.
Plaques are placed throughout the temple's walls. Plaque 01: Those who wish to open the path sleeping at the bottom of the lake must play the song passed down by the Royal Family. Plaque 2-3: Those who wish to open the gate on the far heights, play the song passed down by the Royal Family. A certain room of the temple does not appear to have any walls or ceiling; the wall-like structures to which the room's two doors are attached merely stand atop mounds of sand. Between said doors, which are on opposite sides of the area, there is a dead tree. Knee-high water flows for as far as can be seen, given the fog that starkly limits vision. The second of the doors is blocked by metal bars. As Link heads away from the locked door, a being similar to himself--Dark Link--materializes by the tree. Dark Link initiates combat, during which it predicts Link's moves. Once Dark Link is defeated, the tree disappears, and the walls and ceiling emerge from the fog. In the final room, four platforms reside in a pool of water.
"Giant Aquatic Amoeba: Morpha" appears. Morpha is able to control the water so as to move itself about, and also to attack, such as by forming tentacles with the water. Upon its defeat, Morpha explodes. The water rises to the ceiling through a single tentacle, spreads out, and evaporates. What remains drops to the ground and splatters, prompting a circle of light to appear. The light takes Link to:
Ruto appears before Link.
Sheik is standing on a small isle. The lake's water begins to rise.
Link is teleported to Sheik's locale.
Link steps to the isle's edge and examines the lake. While he does so, Sheik observes him. Sheik walks away while Link is looking at the lake; though Link soon realizes this, Sheik first reaches the top of a nearby tree. As Link looks about, Sheik jumps off of the tree and dives into the lake.
On the isle, there is writing on a stone.
Firing at arrow in the sun's direction causes the Fire Arrow to appear.
Zora's Domain is still frozen, though the weather is no longer snowy. King Zora's script is unchanged.
Impa's house and the House of Skulltula have been set ablaze. Link approaches Sheik, who is standing by the well.
The wooden poles attached to the well are severed and tossed aside by an invisible force. Rain begins to fall.
Sheik readies a harp.
Sheik disappears under the veil of a Deku Nut's light.
Upon taking out the Ocarina of Time:
The Song of Storms creates a rainstorm within the windmill, and causes the central platform to rotate faster than it had before.
In the past, upon playing the Song of Storms:
The Lens of Truth is located in the well, guarded by Dead Hand-- a somewhat-humanoid being with no apparent legs, which controls four long arms that protrude from the ground, aside from its regular arms with blade- like hands.
The Nocturne of Shadow transports Link to a previously-inaccessible area. A descending staircase leads to a room with one door on which an image of an eye is printed, and before which numerous torches surround a platform.
Upon approaching certain walls, messages are displayed. Message 01: The Shadow will yield only to one with the eye of truth, handed down in Kakariko Village. Message 02: One who gains the eye of truth will be able to see what is hidden in the darkness. Message 03: Shadow Temple... Here is gathered Hyrule's bloody history of greed and hatred... Message 04: What is hidden in the darkness... Tricks full of ill will... You can't see the way forward...
There is a deep chasm in the temple's second room, across which a statue of a large face has been fastened to a wall, along with two stone hands and a platform in the shape of a tongue. At the statue's mouth is a pathway, which is blocked via gate.
The Hover Boots are obtained by defeating a Dead Hand elsewhere in the temple.
In the room with the chasm, there is a statue of a bird.
The statue must be rotated to face a certain skull atop a stick, which is the skull that does not disappear when viewed through the Lens of Truth.
Failure causes the floor around the statue--which is held by hinges-- to open, dropping Link into a pit. Success opens the gate across the chasm.
In a room with two rising and falling platforms, on the undersides of which there are spikes:
Sign 02: Only one with the eye of truth will find the stone umbrella that protects against the rain of blades.
The Lens of Truth reveals an alcove housing a large stone block.
A hole in one room's floor leads Link to a circular chamber with a bongo- like platform, which is surrounded by toxic fluid.
The bongo-esque platform is beat by two large, disembodied hands. The hands belong to "Phantom Shadow Beast: Bongo Bongo", which takes the form of the upper body of a humanoid figure, though it possesses only one eye. Upon its defeat, Bongo Bongo dissolves into the bongo. A circle of light appears, which teleports Link to
Impa appears before Link.
A single bridge connects the two sides of the valley. Below the bridge is a river that connects to Lake Hylia, fed by a waterfall at the end of a stream flowing from Zora's Domain.
Another Gerudo is present near the bottom of the waterfall, by a cow.
The bridge across the valley is currently broken. Epona and the Longshot are both viable methods of crossing. Sign 01 No Diving Allowed --It won't do you any good! Crptr Boss I am a master craftsman. Those Gerudo thieves...they broke the bridge. I want to fix it, but all of my workers are gone! They said working as carpenters isn't cool, and they went to the Gerudo's Fortress to become thieves... Hey, you! If you're going to the fortress, would you mind finding out what my workers are doing over there?
A man who had run about Hyrule Field in the past (see 03'04) is present inside of a tent.
If Link is spotted by any of the fortress's many guards:
He is deposited in a jail.
Fortress interior - Carpenters
The carpenters have each been placed into cells.
A Gerudo Thief appears.
Upon the thief's defeat, she drops a Small Key and flees.
2nd Saved
As the final carpenter leaves, a Gerudo enters the room.
[ Gerudo Valley ]
The bridge has been repaired.
When speaking to RunningMan, when the timer for another event is active:
When speaking to RunningMan, when no timers are active:
When speaking to him inside of the tent:
Upon playing warp music on the ocarina:
At the Lost Woods, having not beat his record:
At the Lost Woods, having beat his record:
In the tent (the first paragraph is omitted if his original record was not beaten):
Gerudo's Fortress
Sign 01: Gerudo Training Ground Only registered members are allowed!
Sign 02 : Horseback Archery Range Skilled players are welcome! Current record: <> Points
Sign 03 : Haunted Wasteland If you chase a mirage, the desert will swallow you. Only one path is true! Gerudos : From now on, you're free to come and go as you please through the gate to the desert. You'll find the Spirit Temple, where the exalted Nabooru lives, out there in the desert.
While riding Epona:
If less than 1,000 points are scored:
If 1,000 or more points are scored:
She provides a Piece of Heart.
Nothing more is said.
After having earned the Piece of Heart:
If less than 1,000 points are scored:
If 1,000-1,499 points are scored:
If 1,500 or more points are scored:
She provides a quiver upgrade.
Nothing more is said.
Nothing is said in response to "Don't try". "Try" prompts:
Gerudo Training Ground
The {}-enclosed numbers correspond to rooms. The Gerudo is not seen.
The treasure is the Ice Arrow.
By the entrance to the desert:
Sign 01: All those reckless enough to venture into the desert-- please drop by our shop.
* - A man sits atop a flying carpet, which hovers over a pit of quick sand.
With sufficient funds:
A small building in the desert is surrounded by flags. On the roof, there is a stone platform on which words have been written. Writing: One with the eye of truth shall be guided to the Spirit Temple by an inviting ghost. The Lens of Truth reveals a Poe floating above the building.
The Poe leads Link to:
Part of a mountain has been carved into the likeness of Nabooru's image. The interior of the mountain has been made into the Spirit Temple. Little can be done in the temple at the moment; one passage is too small for Link to crawl through it, and the other pathway is obstructed by a block which is too heavy for Link to move. There is writing on two statues of cobras. Writing 01: If you want to proceed to the past, you should return here with the pure heart of a child. Writing 02: If you want to travel to the future, you should return here with the power of silver from the past.
Upon exiting the temple, Sheik jumps down from a tall stone structure.
Kaepora Gaebora flies overhead.
Sheik readies a harp.
Perched atop a ledge, Gaebora observes. He departs as Link finishes playing the music.
Link tries to approach Sheik, but a sandstorm begins, so he shields his eyes with a hand. Sheik disappears before the storm can subside.
Nabooru is standing by the small hole.
After either of the options following "Nothing, really":
When speaking to her again, she repeats from "I want to ask you a favor".
In a certain room, a message is displayed upon examining a sun-like object with a face painted onto it.
A Bombchu must be used to destroy a rock on a wall, which is blocking sunlight. When light touches the sun, it opens its eyes and smiles, prompting a door to open.
Link eventually reaches the right hand of the colossus.
He departs.
On the ledge, there is a treasure chest containing the Silver Gauntlets.
Link looks down at the entrance to the temple, where two aged witches have created a circle of purple light--which acts as quick sand--beneath Nabooru.
With Nabooru pulled entirely through the light, the witches fly into the temple atop their broomsticks.
With the Silver Gauntlets, Link can now move the heavy stone block.
After some time, Link encounters the two witches, who are accompanied by an Iron Knuckle of atypical design. The witch named "Kotake" has a blue jewel on her forehead, while Koume's forehead bears an orange jewel.
They disappear.
Koume and Kotake reappear.
They launch magic at Nabooru, which teleports her out of the area. The witches disappear again.
In a nearby room, upon climbing onto a high platform:
Circles of fire and ice appear, from which Koume and Kotake respectively materialize.
The "Sorceress Sisters: Twinrova" circle about Link in the air.
After sufficient damage is dealt
They fuse into a single entity--Twinrova--with hair made of fire and ice, holding two staves that correspond to an element. Twinrova winks at Link.
Halos appear above their heads, and a beam of light shoots down.
They both briefly pause.
They both settle down as they are pulled into the light.
A circle of light appears on a platform. It takes Link to:
Nabooru appears before Link.
The symbol of the Triforce appears upon the back of Sheik's left hand, the lower-left triangle shining brighter than the others. Light fills the room, resonating from the Triforce mark. As it fades, Zelda appears in the place of Sheik.
The temple begins to tremble.
A crystal surrounds Zelda. Ganondorf transmits his voice.
The crystal floats into the air.
The crystal disappears. Ganondorf laughs.
The castle floats above a pit of lava where Hyrule Castle once stood.
A bridge appears, formed by light of the colors associated with each sage.
Upon the destruction of an object that sustains the barriers, the sage associated with said object's color will appear before Link.
Ganondorf is playing an organ in the castle's highest room. Zelda is present within the same crystal as before.
The Triforce marks on Link's and Zelda's hands glow. Ganondorf stops playing the organ.
He raises his right hand, the symbol of the Triforce glowing thereupon. A stream of dark light surges towards Link.
"Great King of Evil: Ganondorf" begins to hover in the air.
Upon defeating him
He coughs up blood.
Ganondorf conjours a blast of magic that destroys the roof and walls of the room. Thereafter, he collapses.
The castle begins to tremble violently.
She begins to lead Link out of the castle. In a certain room, she is surrounded by a circle of fire, which is extinguished upon the nearby Stalfos' defeat.
Zelda and Link escape the castle shortly before it falls apart.
A rumble is heard.
As Link draws near the center of the floating island, a ring of fire appears along its perimeter.
Ganon eventually takes enough damage so as to collapse.
Link reclaims the Master Sword and resumes combat with Ganon. Upon Ganon's next collapse, Zelda strikes him with magic.
The Master Sword's blade glows momentarily.
Link drives the Master Sword through Ganon's throat.
In the Chamber of the Sages:
The Sages become spheres of light and merge together, forming a portal that consumes Ganondorf and drops him into an abyss.
Link and Zelda appear as if to be standing in a sky.
A circle of light surrounds Link as Zelda plays the Song of Time.
The credits begin to roll as various places are displayed. Many of Hyrule's inhabitants perform a celebration in Lon Lon Ranch, which the Sages observe from Death Mountain. Link appears in the Temple of Time as a child, with the Master Sword returned to the Pedestal of Time. Navi departs through a window. Link enters the courtyard of Hyrule Castle, seemingly unaccompanied by Navi. Zelda, who had been looking into a window, turns to Link. The End
Inside the Deku Tree
Dodongo's Cavern
Inside Jabu-Jabu's Belly
Lost Woods
Forest Temple
Fire Temple
Ice Cavern
Water Temple
Bottom of the Well
Shadow Temple
Gerudo Fortress
Saria says something.
All masks become "Free to Borrow" after the Bunny Hood is sold. The Mask of Truth is initially "Not for Sale", and the owner says "I'm sorry, but you can't borrow this mask yet." if it is selected.
Nothing more is said.
Currently in the shop are the Keaton Mask and Mask of Truth, the latter of which cannot be acquired.
The options are "Yes", which prompts a description of the mask; and "No", to which nothing more is said.
Kakariko Village:
He dons the mask.
He closes the gate.
Lost Woods, Area 03:
The shopkeeper's script is unchanged, save for the name of the sold mask, and said mask's price.
Kakariko Village:
The shopkeeper's script is unchanged, save for the name of the sold mask, and said mask's price.
Hyrule Field:
When wearing the Bunny Hood:
Nothing more is said.
~ : Everything else
Gossip Stones (Mask of Truth)
Kokiri Forest
Lost Woods
Hyrule Field
Hyrule Castle (Town)
Kakariko Village
Death Mountain
Zora's River/Domain
Lake Hylia
Gerudo's Valley
Haunted Wasteland - Desert Colossus
<Various locations>
Group A : [001, 003, 004, 006, 009, 010, 011] Group B [002, 005, 007, 012, 013]
{Firestorm808 (talk)}
In the Forest Stage, upon donning a mask, several Deku Scrubs appear from the ground. They fire nuts at Link. The battle theme plays, They swarm around Link, without attacking. Saria's Song plays. They dance in circles. The shop theme plays. They produce Rupees. The Hyrule Castle interior's theme plays. They look between Link and the large Deku. The music does not change.
Group A : [001, 002, nighttime guards] Group B: [010, 015] Group C : [022, 026]
Group B
Group C
{Firestorm808 (talk)}
{Firestorm808 (talk)}
Group A : [001, 006] Group B [011, 012, 013, 014, 015, 016] (whichever are cursed) Group C : Jiro, Ichiro
{Firestorm808 (talk)}
Group A : All besides Darunia
Group A
Group A : [001], [006], [007], [009]
Group A
Group A : Gerudo 1, Gerudo 2
The entrance from the desert is blocked by a gate. A Gerudo is present by said gate, possessing the same script as the valley's Gerudos.
At the next morning:
Talon is sleeping in a certain house. The Cucco can awaken him.
After having acquired Epona:
After the above:
The carpenter boss's son is present in Area 03.
Upon presenting Cojiro, it crows, thereby catching the man's attention.
If the mushroom expires:
Subsequently:
She provides a Blue Potion. If problems arise:
The carpenter boss's son is absent. [008] of Kokiri Forest is present.
If the Odd Potion is presented, then she continues:
Nothing more is said.
Biggoron is rubbing his eyes. Upon presenting the Broken Biggoron's Sword:
On the third day from the acquisiton of the Claim Check:
Upon presenting the Claim Check:
When speaking to him again, he repeats "That sworrrrd is my finest worrrrk!"
Link retains the Claim Check. Upon presenting it to Biggoron:
She grants Link the Spin Attack.
The fairy near Hyrule Castle grants Link Din's Fire. The fairy in Zora's Fountain grants Link Farore's Wind. The fairy near the Desert Colossus grants Link Nayru's Love.
{1}: Lost Woods, Area 04 {2}: Lost Woods, Area 07
If there is no room:
End of Document
(About the yellow icons)
(About the blue icon)
(Yes) If you press {C Up}, you can change your view. In a place like this, it will switch to a top-down view. Outdoors, in a field for example, it will switch to a first-person perspective. Also, when "Navi" is displayed in the upper right of your screen, Navi the fairy wants to talk to you. Use {C Up} to listen to her! -
(No) Well, if you play around with it, you'll figure it out.
(About the map)
(About items)
(Don't ask) Well, just remember this. If you want to save, press STAR to get into the Subscreens, then press {B}.
(Yes) The Deku Tree lowers the portion of its trunk that resembles a mouth.
When Navi speaks, use {C Up} to listen well to her words of wisdom...
(No)
{Control Stick}
(Yes) <see below> -
(No)
"No" prompts him to repeat the second paragraph.
"Yes" prompts: Gaebora : All right then, I'll see you around! Hoot hoot hoot ho!
"Yes" prompts him to repeat himself from the beginning.
"No" prompts: Gaebora : Link, you're the only one who can complete the quest ahead! You must do your best! Hoo!
"Yes" prompts him to repeat himself from the beginning.
"No" prompts Gaebora : OK, be careful and go!
"Yes" prompts him to repeat himself from the beginning.
"No" prompts Gaebora : No matter how hard it is, just don't get discouraged. Ho Ho Hoo!
Please...with {C}... Please sell me the contents of a bottle... Please...with {C}... Oh, that's Blue Fire! I'll buy it for 150 Rupees! Oh, it's a cute little Bug! I'll buy it for 50 Rupees. Oh, a Fish! I'll buy it for 100 Rupees! All sales final, OK?
(Yes) Nope, you don't have enough Rupees! With sufficient funds: OKAY!! This is a game for grownups! Hyrule's famous Shooting Gallery! Take aim at the targets from that platform over there! Can you hit ten targets? You get fifteen shots! Draw your weapon with {B}. Are you ready? Go for a perfect score! Good Luck! Less than eight: Too bad! Practice hard and come back! Eight or nine: Almost!! Well...all right! I'll let you try one more time for free... This time, you gotta do it! Ten: Wonderful!!! Bravo!!! Perfect!!! Here's a fantastic present! He provides an upgrade to the slingshot's ammunition storage. Subsequently, he provides Purple Rupees. -
(Nope) All right. You don't have to play if you don't want to.
(Yes) Nope, you don't have enough Rupees! With sufficient funds, he provides a Door Key. With that key, proceed to the room ahead. Go, go! In each room, there are two chests; one contains a Door Key, while the other contains Rupees. Upon retrieving Rupees (green in first two, blue in second two, red in fifth): Loser! You found only one Rupee. You are not very lucky. Loser! You found five Rupees. Even so, you are not very lucky. Loser! You found twenty Rupees. Your last selection was a mistake, wasn't it! How frustrating! There is a Piece of Heart in a chest in the final room. On subsequent completions, the chest contains a Purple Rupee. WINNER! WINNER! You found fifty Rupees. You are a genuinely lucky guy! In the entrance room, after failing a game: Thanks a lot! In the entrance room, after winning a game: Great! You are a real gambler! -
(No) All right. You don't have to play if you don't want to.
You got a Weird Egg! Feels like there's something moving inside! Set it to {C} and see what happens! On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to {C Left}, {C Down} or {C Right}, and then press {C} to use it. Malon : Set the egg to {C} to incubate it. Hee hee! My dad is really troublesome, for an adult, isn't he?! hee hee!
"Yes" prompts him to repeat himself from "On this ground". "No" prompts:
(Yes) Well, maybe that's too much for a kid to pay. With sufficient funds: OK, I'll let you pass, quickly! KEEP IT A SECRET FROM EVERYONE. -
(No) Tsk Tsk.
(Yes)
(No)
(OK)
(No)
(Yes) <see below> -
(No)
(Yes) <no script> -
(No)
(OK) <see below> (I don't believe you.)
You received Zelda's Letter! Wow! This letter has Princess Zelda's autograph! Set it to {C} and show it with {C}. On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to {C left}, {C Down} or {C Right}, and then use that {C} to show it to people. Zelda : My attendant will guide you out of the castle. Don't be afraid to talk to her.
You have a cool Slingshot, huh? You know what's cool about it? You can aim while holding down {C} and shoot by releasing the button! How cool! If you have the Slingshot ready, you can use {Z} Targeting to shoot while moving.... Did you know that?
"Yes" prompts him to repeat himself from
"After going". "No" prompts:
(Yes) <no script>
(Don't do it)
"Yes" prompts him to repeat himself from
"If you hold". "No" prompts: Gaebora : Melodies you have learned will be recorded on the Quest Status Subscreen. You should memorize those melodies.
SkullKid 2 Too bad...Heh heh! Do you want to play some more?
"Yes" repeats the event from the beginning.
"No" ends the event.
SkullKid 2 That was quite a nice session. As a token of our friendship, please take this. Initially, they provide a Green Rupee. They reward Link with a Blue Rupee for his second successful session, a Piece of Heart for his third success, and a Red Rupee per each success thereafter.
SkullKid 2 Do you want to play some more?
"Yes" repeats the event from the beginning.
"No" ends the event.
(Yes)
"Yes" and
"No" both prompt:
(No)
(Lon Lon Milk - 30 Rupees)
(Cucco-findin' game - 10 Rupees)
(Quit)
(Yes) You don't have enough Rupees! Nope, nothing here! He does not comment upon anything that is retrieved.
(Don't do it)
(Yes) When I dug a hole, I found a treasure that stretches--BOING! and shrinks--BOING! It's so fun, I'll never give it to anybody! -
(No) You decide not to read it...
(Ask about Bomb Flowers)
(Ask about Dodongo's Cavern)
(Yes) You don't have enough money. I can't sell them to you. Chomp chomp...
With sufficient funds: If you want to plant beans, go around and look for soft soil. Chomp chomp chomp. -
(No) Oh well... Chomp chomp...
(Yes) According to the "Legend of Zora," the act of offering a fish to Lord Jabu-Jabu will make you happy. -
(No) Oh, that's not good. Everybody who comes around here should see Lord Jabu-Jabu at least once! Zora's Fountain is just beyond King Zora's throne. That is where Lord Jabu-Jabu swims. But...unless you have King Zora's permission, you can't go to Zora's Fountain.
(Yes) You don't have enough Rupees! OKAY! Pick up all the Rupees I throw from here. You have only a limited amount of time! When you pick them all up, come back here! I'll give you something very nice! START! Go over the falls for a shortcut. Too bad! Practice hard and come back! Hey! Congratulations! I've got something very nice for you! Come and get it! What a graceful dive! Now, please take this! This is a "scale" of our kind. With this, you can dive much deeper under the water. He provides a Silver Scale. Take as much as you want for 20 Rupees. Want to play? Hey! Congratulations! -
(No) All right. You don't have to play if you don't want to.
(Yes) Shucks! You don't have enough money. Oh, no! You don't have a Rumble Pak! With a Rumble Pak, you can feel the vibrations of a fish on your hook. This time, no rumble for you!
Wow! You have a Rumble Pak! Today, you can feel the vibration, young man! OK, listen up! Walk up to the water's edge and press {Z} to look at a fish. While looking at a fish, you can cast your line with {B}. Press {A} to brake the line. When the lure drops into the water, you can wiggle it with {Control Stick}. If you're a novice, you can also use {B}. Reel in your lure with {A}. Hold down {A} and {R} to reel it in faster. If you feel a hit, press {A} and {Control Stick} down to set the hook. After that, reel it in with {A}. Do you understand?
"No" prompts him to repeat from "OK, listen".
"Yes" prompts: I'm so generous, I'll let you fish for as long as you want. However, you can keep only one fish. The biggest fish ever caught here weighed 6 pounds. After you cast, you can change your view with {Z}. Let's fish! -
(No) All right. You don't have to play if you don't want to.
"Yes"
"No"
"Yes"
"No"
"No, I don't want it"
"Yes, I want to keep it anyway"
(Weigh my fish.)
(Let's talk about something.)
(I want to quit.)
(I want that Spiritual Stone.)
(Nothing really...)
(Yes) You don't have enough Rupees! With sufficient funds: OKAY!! Aim for the hole in the center and let Bombchu go! You get ten tries. Ready... LET'S BOWL! Oh, I almost forgot! Here is what you can win! Piece of Heart, Purple Rupee, Bombs, Bombchu. START! WINNER!! Do you want to play again? -
(No) All right. You don't have to play if you don't want to.
(Yes) <see below> -
(No) Rauru Right, it looks like you are confused... Let me tell you again, from the beginning.
(Yes) Whoever reads this, please enter my grave. I will let you have my stretching, shrinking keepsake. I'm waiting for you. --Dampé -
(No) You decide not to read it...
(Ride)
(Listen)
(Don't listen)
(Don't ride)
(No, I want to ride.)
(Yes, I'm done.)
(Do it)
(Don't do it)
"Race" and
"Don't race" produce the same results are the previous agreement/refusal options.
"Don't do it" does not prompt any additional script. "Let's go" prompts: The current record is 50 seconds. First, try to beat this record! If you can beat the record, I'll give you a present! Give it your best shot, OK? All right, let's get started!
You failed! You have to jump over all the fences! Are you making sure to approach the fences head on? If you approach at an angle, the horse won't jump! If you want to try again, mount Epona and get ready!
One more lap! Wow! Great! Your time was <"">! You and Epona make a great team! You did it! <""> is the new course record! I have to give you a present to commemorate your new record! The present is a little too heavy to give to you here, so I'll have it delivered to your house. Bet you can't wait to see it! Hee hee!
Secondary and subsequent attempts, after agreeing to try the challenge, without having beat the initial record: The record so far is <> seconds. Your best time is <"">. If you can beat the record, I'll give you a present. Give it your best shot, OK? Let's get going!
Secondary and subsequent attempts, after agreeing to try the challenge, with having beat the initial record: Your best time is <"">! How fast can you go?! C'mon, let's get started!
Failing to beat new records: Well, your time was <"">. You have to train harder! Remember, you don't need to accelerate to jump over low fences, but you do need to go fast to jump the high fences!
(Buy)
(Don't buy)
(About the dragon)
(About the Gorons)
Play it like that and you'll never move this scarecrow's heart, baby!
OH YEAHHH!! That's it, that's the tune!! You rock!! I'm blown away! Oh, no, no! I didn't forget the song...I never forget anything! But I just feel like rewarding you, baby!
"Keep it"
"Don't keep it"
"Keep it anyway"
"I don't want it"
(Weigh my fish.)
(Let's talk about something.)
(I want to quit.)
(OK)
(No way) Nothing more is said.
(Yes) Excellent! Then... You go first. I'll give you a headstart. Now! Go ahead. When speaking to him inside of the tent: Heh heh heh. Please. Go ahead. Upon playing warp music on the ocarina: Oh, looks like you quit the race. Heh heh heh. I bet you had almost rediscovered your killer instinct! At the Lost Woods, having not beat his record: Heh heh. You don't have enough killer instinct yet. Just train harder. Good-bye, then! At the Lost Woods, having beat his record: Huff...puff...huff... Huff...huff...whew! You did quite well! But you couldn't beat me! Your time was <"">, but I just beat you by one second! Huff...huff... You'll have to challenge me again sometime! Huff...huff... Good-bye, then! In the tent (the first paragraph is omitted if his original record was not beaten): Well, not perfect, but you have some guts! Unfortunately, you never can beat me. Your record is a thing of the past. Your time was <"">, wasn't it? That was close, but I beat you by one second! The best time to go from here to the bridge in the Lost Woods was <"">. That's my record. Will you challenge my record? -
(No) Heh heh heh. You'll never discover your killer instinct with that kind of attitude.
(Yes) You don't have enough Rupees! If less than 1,000 points are scored: <> points...Hmm... Wha-ha-ha! You have plenty of room for improvement! Do you want to try for 20 Rupees? If 1,000 or more points are scored: Fantastic! You are a true master! I will give this to you. Keep improving yourself! She provides a Piece of Heart. -
(No) Nothing more is said.
(Yes) If less than 1,000 points are scored: <> points...Hmm... Wha-ha-ha! You have plenty of room for improvement! Do you want to try for 20 Rupees? If 1,000-1,499 points are scored: <> points... Quite impressive! Do you want to try for 20 Rupees? If 1,500 or more points are scored: I'll be darned! You are the ultimate master! I will give you an item suitable for the master. This quiver is very important to me. I want you to have it. Take good care of it, OK? She provides a quiver upgrade. -
(No) Nothing more is said.
(Buy) Ohh, not enough Rupees. No discounts, even a Rupee.
With sufficient funds: Thank you very much! What I'm selling is...Bombchu! The mark that will lead you to the Spirit Temple is the flag on the left outside the shop. Be seeing you!
(Don't buy)
(To see the temple)
(Looking for the Sages)
(Nothing, really)
(What if I am?)
(I hate Ganondorf!)
(Yes) Nabooru Thanks, kid! You and I, let's give Ganondorf and his followers a big surprise, shall we? If you can successfully get the Silver Gauntlets... I'll do something great for you! -
(No) Nabooru Well, what did I expect? After all, you're just a kid!
"Yes" prompts him to repeat himself from
"From now on". "No" prompts:
(Talk to Saria)
"Yes" prompts Saria to repeat herself.
Nothing is said in response to "No".
Nothing is said in response to "No".
"Yes" prompts Navi to say something from "Story" in 03'02.
(Talk to the shop owner)
(Don't borrow) Nothing more is said.
(Yes) He dons the mask. My boy will be very happy with this! You really are Mr. Hero! Wha ha ha hah! -
(No way) I won't give up! I have plenty of patience. I have to for this job! Hah hah hah!
(OK)
(No way)
(OK) With this mask, I'll
(No way)
(Yes) My long time dream! Returning to the wild life! Finally, the actor, stage and prop have been united! -
(No way) That's not the answer I wanted to hear!
(Ask about Mask of Truth)
(Don't borrow a mask) Nothing more is said.
(Yes) <game> You borrowed a Pocket Egg! A Pocket Cucco will hatch from it overnight. Be sure to give it back when you are done with it. [KA-008] Please make my Cucco happy! OK? -
(No) [KA-008] Oh, too bad...were you pecked by a Cucco when you were little?
(Yes) <game> You returned the Pocket Cucco and got Cojiro in return! Unlike other Cuccos, Cojiro rarely crows. [KA-008] My brother must have been very lonely... -
(No) [KA-008] It looks as if you really like that other Cucco. OK, you can keep it for a while.
(OK)
(I can't)
(Yes) Granny If you see that fool, give this to him. It is the strongest medicine I have ever produced. However, this potion will not work on a monster... <game> You received an Odd Potion! You don't know what's going on between this lady and that guy, but take it to the Lost Woods! Granny They say that there is no medicine that can cure a fool... I guess that's true... -
(No) Granny How sad... I just need a little...
(Buy)
(Don't buy)
(Yes) <game> You returned the Odd Potion and got the Poacher's Saw! The young punk guy must have left this behind. [008] Heh heh heh. Are you going to be... too? Heh heh! -
(No) Nothing more is said.
(Yes) Crptr Boss Good kid! Thanks! I'm sorry that I can't give you something as good in return, but...take this anyway! <game> You traded the Poacher's Saw for a Broken Goron's Sword! Visit Biggoron to get it repaired! -
(No) Crptr Boss What?! You're a dirty, rotten thief!
(Yes) <game> You checked in the Broken Goron's Sword and received a Prescription! Go see King Zora! Biggoron I've been waiting forrrrr you, with tearrrrrrs in my eyes... Please say hello to Kinnng Zorrra! -
(No) Biggoron Awww nooooo... I'm finished... My eyes arrrrrre so itchy... Owwwwww...
(Yes) <game> You used the Prescription and received an Eyeball Frog! Be quick and deliver it to Lake Hylia while it's cold! -
(No) King Zora Then you think they'll spoil before you can get there? It's not that far if you make the connection on horseback...
(OK)
With sufficient funds:
(No way)
In the vast, deep forest of Hyrule... Long have I served as the guardian spirit... I am known as the Deku Tree...
The children of the forest, the Kokiri, live here with me. Each Kokiri has his or her own guardian fairy. However, there is one boy who does not have a fairy...
Hello, Link! Wake up! The Great Deku Tree wants to talk to you! Link, get up! Hey! C'mon! Can Hyrule's destiny really depend on such a lazy boy?
You finally woke up! I'm Navi the fairy! The Great Deku Tree asked me to be your partner from now on! Nice to meet you! The Great Deku Tree has summoned you! So let's get going, right now!
Yahoo! Hi, Link!
Wow! A fairy!! Finally, a fairy came to you, Link! Wow! That's great news! I'm so happy for you! Now you're a true Kokiri, Link! Is that right? The Great Deku Tree has summoned you? It's quite an honor to talk to the Great Deku Tree! I'll wait for you here. Go see the Great Deku Tree!
You're not allowed to leave the forest! The Great Deku Tree said that if a Kokiri leaves the woods, he or she will die!
Oh, a fairy finally came to you! Now you have a lot to learn! The best place to go to learn some new skills is in the Forest Training Center. It's on the hill just above here. [003] {A} by the stone, pick it up! {A} by the stone, pick it up! Mean old Mido...he made me pick up the rocks in front of his house. [004] : Hey, let's work on some moves! To jump sideways while {Z} Targeting, press {A} as you move right or left. To do a backflip while {Z} Targeting, press {A} as you move backwards. To do a roll attack while {Z} Targeting, press {A} as you move forward. While you roll, you can avoid damage. If you have your sword ready while {Z} Targeting, you can do a jump attack by pressing {A}! A jump attack does double damage! You can use {Z} Targeting on the stone next to me, so let's practice! [005] :{1} Oh, you have a fairy now?! That's great, Link! What? You've been called by the Great Deku Tree? What an honor! He may give you a special gift! Tee hee! That's because the Great Deku Tree is our father, the forest guardian, and he gave life to all of us Kokiri!
I wonder if the Great Deku tree gave life to everything in the forest, I mean in addition to us Kokiri?
That meanie, Mido, made me cut the grass at Saria's house. Mido told Saria he would do it so she would like him, but I'm the one doing all the work! You and Saria are close friends, so will you help me cut the grass? I'll let you keep anything that you find while cutting it.
Hi, Link! Look this way! Look over here with {Z}, and talk to me with {A}. Yes, yes! That's how you use a fairy! It's so great that you finally have a fairy partner! I'll teach you how to talk to people using your fairy! When a fairy flies near a person or thing, press {Z} to look in that direction. If you use {Z} Targeting, you can talk to people from a distance, like we're doing now. When you have nothing that you can target, you can press {Z} just to look forward. Try it!
Hee hee hee! You came all the way up here? You're a real man! Look! Isn't this view pretty? Change your viewpoint with {C Up}, so you can look around the forest with {Control Stick}. Sign 01: Forest folk shall not leave these woods. Sign 02 : House of the Great Mido Boss of the Kokiri Sign 03 : House of the Know-it-All Brothers Sign 04 : Forest Training Center Don't recklessly cut signs--read them carefully! Sign 05 : Thrust Attack Signs! To thrust with your sword, press {Control Stick} toward your target while {Z} Targeting, then press {B}. Sign 06 : Cut Grass With Your Sword If you just swing with {B}, you'll cut horizontally. If you hold {Z} as you swing, you'll cut vertically. Sign 07 : Switch Targeting If you see a {triangle} icon above an object, you can target it with {Z}. In other words, if you press {Z} when you see [triangle] above an object, you can lock on to it. If you press {Z} again, the lock will either release or it will transfer to the next object with the {triangle} above it. When you have many enemies in your field of view and you want to escape, press {Z} while holding back on {Control Stick} to cancel targeting. You can target the stones next to this sign for practice! Sign 08 : Hole of "Z" Let's go through this small hole! Stand in front of the hole and push {Control Stick} towards it. When the Action Icon shows "Enter," press {A} to crawl into the hole. Pay attention to what the Action Icon says! Sign 09 : View Point with {Z} Targeting When you have no object to look at, you can just look forward with Z} Stop moving and then change the direction you are facing, or hold down {Z} for a little while. This can help you get oriented in the direction you want to face. It's quite convenient! If you hold down {Z}, you can walk sideways while facing straight ahead. Walking sideways can be a very important technique in dungeon corridors. Turn around and try doing this right now. Sign 10 : Visit the House of the Know-it-All Brothers to get answers to all your item-related questions! Sign 11 : Link's House Sign 12 : Stepping Stones in the Pond If you boldly go in the direction you want to jump, you will leap automatically. If you hop around on the stones, you'll become happier!
I can teach you about the icons at the top of the screen.
The three yellow icons in the upper right are called {C} icons. They display the things you can use with the {C Left}, {C Down} and {C Right} buttons. Once you get a {C} Button Item, go into the Select Item Subscreen and set it to one of the three {C} Buttons.
The blue icon at the top of the screen is called the Action Icon. This Action Icon shows you what action you will perform when you press {A}. Stop in many spots to see the different things you can do.
Do you want to know how to use the {C Up} Button?
If you want to learn about the map and items, just ask me. But don't ask unless you want to hear a long explanation. What do you want to know about?
My sister took some Rupees and went shopping at the store that has a red roof. Tee hee! Speaking of Rupees, a green one is worth one, a blue one is worth five and a red one is worth twenty. Hee hee!
This shop...It sells things you can get in the forest for free! Tee hee! Do you know how to use the Deku Shield? Tee hee! When you get the shield, press START to get into the Subscreens. Select the Equipment Subscreen with {Z} or {R}. On the Equipment Subscreen, choose the item you want to equip and press {A} to equip that item. Once you equip it, hold it up with {R} and change its angle with {Control Stick}. Tee hee!
We sell shields, but not swords!
Hey you! "Mr. No Fairy!" What's your business with the Great Deku Tree? Without a fairy, you're not even a real man! What?! You've got a fairy?! Say what? The Great Deku Tree actually summoned you? Whaaaaaaat?! Why would he summon you and not the great Mido? This isn't funny... I don't believe it! You aren't even fully equipped yet! How do you think you're going to help the Great Deku Tree without both a sword and shield ready? What? You're right. I don't have my equipment ready, but... If you want you pass through here, you should at least equip a sword and shield! Sheesh!
What?! Mido won't let you go to see the Great Deku Tree? Ohh... That bum! I don't know why he's always so mean to everyone! What he said is true, though. The forest...strange things have been happening here lately... You need to be ready for anything. You'd better find a weapon! You can buy a shield at the shop, but there is only one sword hidden somewhere in the forest.
If you want you pass through here, you should at least equip a sword and shield! Eh, what's that?! Oh, you have a Deku Shield... And what's THAT?! Is that the Kokiri Sword?! GOOD GRIEF!! Well, even with all that stuff, a wimp is still a wimp, huh? I, the great Mido, will never accept you as one of us! Shoot! How did you get to be the favorite of Saria and the Great Deku Tree? Huh?! Grumble...grumble...
Great Deku Tree... I'm back!
Oh... Navi... Thou hast returned... Link... Welcome... Listen carefully to what I, the Deku Tree, am about to tell thee... Thy slumber these past moons must have been restless, and full of nightmares... As the servants of evil gain strength, a vile climate pervades the land and causes nightmares to those sensitive to it... Verily, thou hast felt it... Link... The time has come to test thy courage... I have been cursed... I need you to break the curse with your wisdom and courage. Dost thou have courage enough to undertake this task?
Then enter, brave Link, and thou too, Navi... Navi the fairy... Thou must aid Link... and Link...
-
Perhaps you do not yet have confidence in your abilities... Return to the Kokiri Forest to learn the skills of combat... When thou art ready, return here and speak with me by using {Z}...
Ow-ow-ow! Forgive me, master! If I give you a clue, will you let me go? When you jump off a high cliff, if you hold
forward, you will roll on the ground when you land and won't get hurt from the fall. I can't guarantee it will work, though, if the cliff is really, really high, heh heh! Well, try it if you are feeling bold! Wah ha hah!
Please forgive me, master! I'll never do it again! If you spare me, I'll teach you something cool. You will never beat my brothers up ahead unless you punish them in the proper order. The order is... 2 3 1 Twenty-three is number one! Do you think I'm a traitor?
How did you know our secret?! How irritating! It's so annoying that I'm going to reveal the secret of Queen Gohma to you! In order to administer the coup de grace to Queen Gohma, strike with your sword while she's stunned. Oh, Queenie... Sorry about that!
Well done, Link... Thou hast verily demonstrated thy courage... I knew that thou wouldst be able to carry out my wishes... Now, I have yet more to tell ye, wouldst thou listen...
No, Link... Thou must know my time is short...
Now...listen carefully... A wicked man of the desert cast this dreadful curse upon me...
This evil man ceaselessly uses his vile, sorcerous powers in his search for the Sacred Realm that is connected to Hyrule... For it is in that Sacred Realm that one will find the divine relic, the Triforce, which contains the essence of the gods...
Before time began, before spirits and life existed... Three golden goddesses descended upon the chaos that was Hyrule... Din, the goddess of power... Nayru, the goddess of wisdom... Farore, the goddess of courage... Din... With her strong flaming arms, she cultivated the land and created the red earth. Nayru... Poured her wisdom onto the earth and gave the spirit of law to the world. Farore... With her rich soul, produced all life forms who would uphold the law. The three great goddesses, their labors completed, departed for the heavens. And golden sacred triangles remained at the point where the goddesses left the world. Since then, the sacred triangles have become the basis for our world's providence. And, the resting place of the triangles has become the Sacred Realm.
Thou must never allow the desert man in black armor to lay his hands on the sacred Triforce... Thou must never suffer that man, with his evil heart, to enter the Sacred Realm of legend... That evil man who cast the death curse upon me and sapped my power... Because of that curse, my end is nigh... Though your valiant efforts to break the curse were successful, I was doomed before you started... Yes, I will pass away soon... But do not grieve for me... I have been able to tell you of these important matters... This is Hyrule's final hope... Link... Go now to Hyrule Castle... There, thou will surely meet the Princess of Destiny... Take this stone with you. The stone that man wanted to much, that he cast the curse on me...
You got the Kokiri's Emerald! This is the Spiritual Stone of the Forest, now entrusted to you by the Great Deku Tree. Deku Tree : The future depends upon thee, Link... Thou art courageous... Navi the fairy... Help Link to carry out my will... I entreat ye... Navi... Good...bye...
Let's go to Hyrule Castle, Link!! Good-bye...Great Deku Tree...
Hey, Link! What did you do?! The Great Deku Tree...did he...die? How could you do a thing like that?! It's all your fault!!
We Kokiri will die if we leave the forest! You're not going to try to leave the forest, are you?!
What? Where are you going?! To the castle? Where is the castle?
Mido is very upset! Did something happen to him? [005] : What? Where are you going?! To the castle? Where is the castle? [006] : Mido is very upset! Did something happen to him? [007] : What? Where are you going?! To the castle? Where is the castle? [008] : What did you do to the Great Deku Tree?

Hey!! What are you doing in my house?!
Link, are you going to go away?
If you lose your shield, will you come back?
Oh, you're leaving... I knew...that you would leave the forest...someday, Link... Because you are different from me and my friends... But that's OK, because we'll be friends forever...won't we? I want you to have this Ocarina... Please take good care of it.
You received the Fairy Ocarina! This is a memento from Saria. Set it to {C} and press {C} to start playing it! On the Select Item Subscreen, you can set it to {c Left}, {C Down} or {C Right}, and then use that {C} to start playing it. You can play different notes with {A} and the four {C} Buttons. Press {B} to quit playing, or to start your song over again. Saria : When you play my Ocarina, I hope you will think of me and come back to the forest to visit.
Hoo hoot! Link... Look up here! It appears that the time has finally come for you to start your adventure! You will encounter many hardships ahead... That is your fate. Don't feel discouraged, even during the toughest times! Go straight this way and you will see Hyrule Castle. You will meet a princess there... If you are lost and don't know which way to go, look at the Map. The areas you have explored will be shown on the Map. Press START to enter the Subscreens and {Z} or {R} to find the Map. On the Map Subscreen, you will also see a flashing dot showing you which way you should go next. Did you get all that?
Hey, Link! Wait a second, friend! Beyond this point you'll find Kakariko Village. Have you seen the Princess of Hyrule? If not, I suggest you go to the castle. Do you want to hear what I said again?
Beyond this point lies Lake Hylia. It is full of deep, pure water. The Zoras, who live all the way upstream, guard the sunken temple at the lake's bottom, as well as Zora's Fountain. If you want to confirm its location on the map, press STAR to switch to the Subscreens and {Z} or {R} to find the Map. All the places you have visited will be shown on the map. Ho hoo hoot! Do you want to hear what I said again?
Link! Wait up, buddy! Hoo hoo! Head south from here to reach Lake Hylia's full, rich waters. If you go west, you'll find Gerudo Valley. There's a hideout of a gang of thieves on the other side of the valley. Well, you're free to go anywhere you want! Ho ho ho... hooo! Do you want to hear what I said again?
Welcome to Hyrule Castle Town. It's a peaceful, prosperous town.
Man, I am SO bored... Things would sure be more interesting if there were more...troubles in the world... Hey, that's just between you and me, OK? Anyway, maybe we can let off some steam by breaking these jars. Stand near a jar and press {A} to lift it. Press {A} again to toss it!
Wha-ha-ha! What a crazy guy! Can you believe this guy was crazy enough to try to sneak into the castle to see Princess Zelda? All because of this idiot, they've tightened security at the castle. Wha-ha-ha!
I wanted to see Princess Zelda! I avoided the guards... Swam through the moat... I was almost there when they caught me! I found a small drain hole on the right side of the castle that I thought I could sneak into, but I got stuck there.
Do you know about the Temple of Time that we have in the northeast part of town? Legends say that the Temple of Time is the entrance to the Sacred Realm... Did you know that?
: Have you heard the legend of the "Shadow Folk"? They are the Sheikah...the shadows of the Hylians. They say they swore allegiance to the King of Hyrule and guarded the Royal Family. But with the long peace, no one has seen a Sheikah around here for a long time. However... I heard there is one Sheikah woman living in the castle...
: I made a lot of money! Maybe I should go look for more things to sell! I know! I should go to Lake Hylia! Many things float down the river and end up there! Hah hah!
: Please...with {C}... Please sell me something... Please...with {C}...
Hey, forest boy! This is the city of Hyrule! Take your time and enjoy the sights! If you came here to see Hyrule Castle, take the street on your right. If you want to see the back alleys of the town, take the street to the left.
: My precious puppy can run faster than any of the other mutts around here!
: Kid, have you been to Lon Lon Ranch? Their milk is delicious! There are many horses there, and the young daughter of the ranch owner is cute! To get to Lon Lon Ranch, after you leave town, head due south across the field. You should visit the ranch at least once!
{1} Ohh... You are...so handsome... Just like the King of Hyrule... Hee hee...
Ohh... You are...more beautiful...than Princess Zelda... Ohh...
Ahem! Hrrrm! This beard is my pride and joy! Doesn't it look luxuriant, kid?!
Huff huff! I'm late! I'm late! For a very important date!
: I can't catch that Cucco!
: They say we Hylians have big ears in order to hear the voices of the gods...but I've never heard them! Crowds :{1} Hey, have you heard that Princess Zelda sees prophetic visions in her dreams?
Hey, who bumped me?!
Huh? What? Shoo, kid! Shoo!
Hey, let go! It's mine! I found it first!
C'mon, can't you make it any cheaper?
Treasure Chest Contest Temporarily Closed Open Tonight!
zzzzz...zzzzz... Oh, I'm sorry. We're not open for business yet. Please come back soon!
What a strange shop! I wonder when it'll be open for business. I read the sign there, but it still seems weird!
Happy Mask Shop Please read this sign before you use this shop. How This Shop Works We do not sell masks at this shop. We just lend them to you. You sell the loaned masks on your own. You pay back the money for the mask, and we will lend you a newer model. You can borrow masks you have already sold again; however, you can sell each model of mask only once. Please try our shop! --Happy Mask Shop Owner
There is a rumor going around that there is a Potion Shop that can make the ultimate medicine!
Hey, kid! If you want to carry medicine, you need a container to put it in!
I heard a rumor that there is a monster that eats Hylian Shields somewhere out there in the world. Have you ever seen it?
My current hot seller is the Hylian Shield, but it might be too big for you, kid.
Hey, sonny, I'll tell you something helpful... I heard there is a mysterious fountain somewhere near the castle...
It seems strange that packs of dogs roam our streets at night... Doesn't that seem weird to you?
Heyyy, what...? What's wrong with loitering around all day? Huh, kid?
Strange...this door doesn't open...
Kids shouldn't be wandering around town at nighttime! Stay indoors until morning!
Man, I am SO tired... The night watch is so boring! I wish some ghosts would come out or something... Hey, I'm really interested in ghosts! Studying them is a hobby of mine, but you never know... the time might come when that kind of knowledge might be useful!
It seems like it's taking forever for dawn to come... The view of Hyrule Castle in the morning sun is so fantastic!
Open the chest and...Surprise! If you find a Key inside, you'll be able to advance. Left or right--try your luck! 10 Rupees to play. Do you want to try it?
script has not changed.
Shooting Gallery Open only during the day
Happy Mask Shop Now hiring part-time Apply during the day
: Medicine Shop Closed until morning
: Bazaar Open only during the day
I can't find my puppy anywhere! I need you to look for it! Please! Arrrgh! That is not my dog! How could you mix up my puppy with a mutt like that?! Richard! This is my little Richard! Thank you! Thank you! I'll give this to you as a reward!
Hey, your clothes! They're...different... You're not from around here, are you? ................. Ohh... You're a fairy boy from the forest! My name is Malon! My dad owns Lon Lon Ranch! Dad went to the castle to deliver some milk, and he hasn't come back yet...
Are you going to the castle, fairy boy? Would you mind finding my dad? He must have fallen asleep somewhere around the castle. What a thing for an adult to do! Tee hee! Oh yeah, if you look for him, I'll give this to you. I've been incubating this egg very carefully... Tee hee!
Look! A chicken hatched from the egg you were incubating! It's the miracle of life!
Hey, Link! This way! The princess is inside the castle just ahead. Be careful not to get caught by the guards! Ho ho ho hoot! On this ground, time flows normally. But time stands still while you are in Lon Lon Ranch or in a town. If you want time to pass normally, you'll need to leave town. Well, well, which way are you going to go now? Hoo hoo hoot! Do you want to hear what I said again?
: Hoooo. You're a smart kid. Good luck, then. Hoo hoo.
Hey you! Stop! You, kid, over there!
So you say you want to see Princess Zelda, eh? You probably heard about her in town and decided you had to meet her... Well... Go home! Get out of here! The Princess would never grant an audience to the likes of you!
Do you really want to go through this gate that much? Let me think about it... OK, but in return... Give me 10 Rupees...
Z Z Z Z Z... Mumble mumble... Welcome...our ranch is so fun... C'mon and look around...
What in tarnation? Can't a person get a little shut-eye around here? Hello, and who might you be? Yep, I'm Talon, the owner of Lon Lon Ranch. I went to the castle to deliver some milk, but I sat down here to rest, and I guess I fell asleep... What?! Malon was looking for me? I'm gonna catch it from her now! I messed up bad, leaving Malon behind to wait for me! She's really gonna let me have it!
Hey you! Don't cause any trouble!
! Who?! Who are you? How did you get past the guards? Oh? What's that? Is that...a fairy?! Then, are you... Are you from the forest? Then...then...you wouldn't happen to have... the Spiritual Stone of the Forest, would you?! That green and shining stone... Do you have it?
Well, that's odd... I thought you might be the one from my dream... You really don't have it? Tell me the truth... Do you have it?
: Just as I thought! I had a dream...In the dream, dark storm clouds were billowing over the land of Hyrule... But suddenly, a ray of light shot out of the forest, parted the clouds and lit up the ground... The light turned into a figure holding a green and shining stone, followed by a fairy... I know this is a prophecy that someone would come from the forest... Yes, I thought you might be the one... Oh, I'm sorry! I got carried away with my story and I didn't even properly introduce myself! I am Zelda, Princess of Hyrule. What is your name? ..... Link... Strange...it sounds somehow... familiar. OK then, Link... I'm going to tell you the secret of the Sacred Realm that has been passed down by the Royal Family of Hyrule. Please keep this a secret from everyone...
<see below>
C'mon...don't be a blabber-mouth! Please keep this a secret from everyone...
The legend goes like this... The three goddesses hid the Triforce containing the power of the gods somewhere in Hyrule. The power to grant the wish of the one who holds the Triforce in his hands. If someone with a righteous heart makes a wish, it will lead Hyrule to a golden age of prosperity... If someone with an evil mind has his wish granted, the world will be consumed by evil...That is what has been told... So, the ancient Sages built the Temple of Time to protect the Triforce from evil ones. That's right... The Temple of Time is the entrance through which you can enter the Sacred Realm from our world. But the entrance is sealed with a stone wall called the Door of Time. And, in order to open the door, it is said that you need to collect three Spiritual Stones. And another thing you need...is the treasure that the Royal Family keeps along with this legend... The Ocarina of Time! Did you understand well the story I just told you?
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm not very good at storytelling...
That's great! I forgot to tell you... I was spying through this window just now... The other element from my dream...the dark clouds... I believe they symbolize...that man in there! Will you look through the window at him?
Please! If you don't hurry, he'll be gone!
Can you see the man with the evil eyes? That is Ganondorf, the leader of the Gerudos. They hail from the desert far to the west. Though he swears allegiance to my father, I am sure he is not sincere. The dark clouds that covered Hyrule in my dream... They must symbolize that man!
What happened? Did he see you? Don't worry. He doesn't have any idea what we're planning...yet! ........Yes. I told my father about my dream... However, he didn't believe it was a prophecy... But...I can sense that man's evil intentions! What Ganondorf is after must be nothing less than the Triforce of the Sacred Realm. He must have come to Hyrule to obtain it! And, he wants to conquer Hyrule...no, the entire world! Link...now, we are the only ones who can protect Hyrule! Please!
Please believe me... My prophecies have never been wrong! Please!
Thank you! I...I am afraid... I have a feeling that man is going to destroy Hyrule. He has such terrifying power! But it's fortunate that you have come... We must not let Ganondorf get the Triforce! I will protect the Ocarina of Time with all my power! He shall not have it! You go find the other two Spiritual Stones! Let's get the Triforce before Ganondorf does, and then defeat him! One more thing... Take this letter... I'm sure it will be helpful to you.
I am Impa of the Sheikahs. I am responsible for protecting Princess Zelda. Everything is exactly as the Princess foretold. You are a courageous boy... You are heading out on a big, new adventure, aren't you? My role in the Princess's dream was to teach a melody to the one from the forest. This is an ancient melody passed down by the Royal Family. I have played this song for Princess Zelda as a lullaby ever since she was a baby... There is mysterious power in these notes. Now listen carefully... Memorize this song...
You've learned Zelda's Lullaby!
If the castle soldiers find you, there will be trouble. Let me lead you out of the castle.
You brave lad... We must protect this beautiful land of Hyrule! Take a good look at that mountain. That is Death Mountain, home of the Gorons. They hold the Spiritual Stone of Fire. At the foot of Death Mountain you will find my village, Kakariko. That is where I was born and raised. You should talk to some of the villagers there before you go up Death Mountain. The song I just taught you has some mysterious power. Only Royal Family members are allowed to learn this song. Remember, it will help to prove your connection with the Royal Family. The Princess is waiting for you to return to the castle with the stones. All right. We're counting on you!
Oh, you're OK? You didn't leave the forest after all, did you?
Saria wanted to see you... Did she find you already?
: Did you know that if you hold {Control Stick} forward when you jump off a cliff, you'll roll when you land. This will absorb the shock of your landing. If you fall too far, though, you'll still get hurt... [005] : Saria said she's waiting at the usual spot. [006] : Jumping is going out of style now. I'm crazy about doing backflips! Can you do one? [007] : Mido might know something about Saria's whereabouts. I think Mido is sulking in one of the houses around here. [008] : If you want to go to the Lost Woods, you'd better equip the right gear! Hee hee!
Mido : If you're looking for Saria, she's in the Lost Woods, as usual. Don't tell me you don't know where that is! The entrance is up on the cliff overlooking the village! I know you'll get lost! Don't worry, you'll just end up back at the entrance! Harumph!
Hey, over here! Hoo hoo! Link...good to see you again! Listen to this! Hoot hoot... After going through the Lost Woods, you will come upon the Sacred Forest Meadow. That is a sacred place where few people have ever walked. Shhhh...What's that? I can hear a mysterious tune... You should listen for that tune too... Hoo hoo ho! Do you want to hear what I said again?
I've been waiting for you, Link! This is the Sacred Forest Meadow. It's my secret place! I feel... This place will be very important for both of us someday. That's how I feel. If you play the Ocarina here, you can talk with the spirits in the forest. Would you like to play the Ocarina with me?
Huh?! How boring! C'mon! Play along!
OK, try to follow along with the melody I will play. Are you ready?
Follow along with Saria's Song! Saria : Great! Great! Please don't forget this song! Do you promise? When you want to hear my voice, play Saria's Song. You can talk with me anytime...
You've learned Saria's Song!
Hoo hoo! Did you learn an Ocarina song from Saria? That melody seems to have some mysterious power. There may be some other mysterious songs like this that you can learn in Hyrule.If you hold the Ocarina with {C} where a melody is necessary, a musical staff will appear. I recommend that you play a song you know. I also suggest that you play even when a score is not displayed, just like this. Hoo hoo hoo hoot hoot hoot! Do you want to hear what I said again?
That's not quite Saria's Song...
You know Saria's Song! We should be friends! Here, take this!
Hi! Do you think my face is kind of plain? It's just not very unusual...
I surrender! To make your quest easier, I can enable you to pick up more Deku Sticks! But, it'll cost you 40 Rupees!
Cool! You're great! You scored three perfect bull's-eyes! I have to give a neat present to such a wonderful person! Please take it!
Follow along with our song on your Ocarina. We'll lead you into it.
Too bad...Heh heh! Do you want to play some more?
That was quite a nice session. As a token of our friendship, please take this.
Do you want to play some more?
Forest Stage We are waiting to see your beautiful face! Win fabulous prizes!
I surrender! To make your quest easier, I can enable you to pick up more Deku Nuts! But, it'll cost you 40 Rupees!
What? What are you doing hanging around here? You little weirdo! I am Ingo and I mind the ranch. I've been working at this ranch for a long time for that lazy bum, Talon. Today, for example, he's gone somewhere for a delivery and he hasn't come back yet! So, I'm doing all the work around here. Oh well...It's tough to be a working man.
Oh, it's the fairy boy again! I heard that you found my dad! How did you like the castle? Did you see the Princess? Hee hee! Dad came home in a hurry after you found him. Hee hee! Oh yeah, I have to introduce you to my friend, fairy boy! She's this horse. Her name is Epona. Isn't she cute?
It seems like Epona is afraid of you, fairy boy...
My mother composed this song. Isn't it nice? Let's sing together.
You've learned Epona's Song!
Oh, Epona! She's grown fond of you, fairy boy!
Mumble...mumble... Huh? I'm awake already! What? Well I'll be! If it ain't the forest kid from the other day! By the way, thanks a lot for waking me up! It took some doing, but I finally got Malon back in a good mood. So, what are you up to today? Got some free time on your hands you say? Well how about a little game? These three Cuccos I have here are special Super Cuccos! I'm going to throw these Cuccos into that there gaggle of normal Cuccos. If you can pick out these three special birds from among the normal Cuccos within the time limit, I'll give you something good. If you can't find them, I win. It'll be 10 Rupees... Want to play?
You don't have enough Rupees!
You have 30 seconds! All righty then, get ready. Here go the Super Cuccos! START LOOKIN'!! Time's up! Too baaaaad!! These are some great Cuccos aren't they! They're raking in money for me! Come back to me, my babies! Want to try again? A young man like you must have a real fire in your belly! Find three of them within 30 seconds. Try again for 5 Rupees? That's one of 'em! Keep it up! Keep it up! Two more to find! That's another! All right, now, the moment of truth! One more to find! Golly! I'll be darned! It's plum incredible! That's the last one! You've found them all! Come on over here! Hey, you! You've got the talent to be one of the world's best cowboys! How'd you like to marry Malon? Huh?
Haw haw! I was just kidding! Just kidding! I think you're a little young for that, aren't you? Haw haw haw! Oh...! I'm proud to present to you a sample of our very own Lon Lon Milk. You'll be energized the moment you drink it! After you drink it, you can bring back the bottle and buy a refill, anytime you want!
Mumble...mumble.. I'm awake! What? Hey, Link! If you're lookin' for Malon, she's right outside. Did you come here to play? Well then, how about playing the Super Cucco-findin' game with me? Or, do you want to buy some Lon Lon Milk? What'll it be?
If an empty bottle is available, he provides Lon Lon Milk. If not: Here you are! take some super fresh milk... Oh? Too baaaaad!! You don't have an empty bottle, do you?
Hey pardner, you have an honest face! When you grow up, why don't you come to work here, on this ranch? That's a standing offer! I'll be waiting for you.
Here you are! take some super fresh milk... Oh? Too baaaaad!! You don't have an empty bottle, do you?
I can't believe that I, the great Ingo, am working on this dump of a ranch! Because the owner is so lazy, I always have to do to all the work around here! I, the hard-working Ingo, should be in charge, not that lazy bum, Talon!
Malon's gone to sleep! I'm goin' to sleep now, too. Come back again when it's light out!
Ding dong, ding dong! I'm a clock soldier of Kakariko! The current time is <:>. Hello there, son. Zelda's attendant, the great Impa, opened this village to the common people. We have only a small population now, but someday this place will be as lively as Hyrule Castle Town! Oh, yes! It will! Climb up the stairs at the north end of the village to find the trail that leads up Death Mountain. But you need the King's permission to actually go up the mountain. Crptr Boss: I am the boss of the carpenters that Impa hired to improve this village and make it into a true city! But young men these days don't have any ambition... Do you know what I mean, kid? My workers are just running aimlessly around the village, and they're not making any progress at all... Even my own son doesn't have a job, and he just wanders around all day! They're all worthless, I tell you!! Jiro : All day long, we are working on many construction projects in the village. It's going to take awhile [sic] before everything is done. Our boss works us very hard! Sabooru : Look at that poor girl over there. She works so hard taking care of her chickens, even though touching them gives her goose bumps... What a trooper! I would really like to help her! I've just been feeling so charitable these days! Don't you feel that way, too? Shiro : Have you seen Mr. Dampé, who lives in the graveyard up ahead? It's <:> right now, so he's probably asleep in his hut. Why don't you go out onto the field and kill some time? [006] : This used to be the great Impa's house, but she doesn't live here any longer. It is now open to all villagers. You are free to go on in. This village used to be a Sheikah village, but the great Impa opened it to everyone.
I can't get down, so all I can do is look at Death Mountain.
Hey! Good to see you again! I'll give you this as a memento.
What should I do!? My Cuccos have all flown away! You, little boy, please! Please help me bring them back to this pen! My Cuccos have run away! Please catch six more! I'm still missing some Cuccos! Please round up five more! My Cuccos have run away Please help me bring the other <four/three/two> back to this pen! Please! My Cuccos have run away Please help me bring the last one back to this pen! Please! Thank you for finding my Cuccos. I have allergies, so I get goose bumps when I touch them. For helping me, I will give this to you. It's fine glass, and should be useful. Please take good care of it!
Please don't tease my Cuccos!
Hey! Kid, do you always enter other people's houses without permission? Didn't your parents teach you any manners? Oh well. Did you see a lady behind this house? She's going through hard times. Oh well. If that lady asks you about chickens, you should listen to her.
Hi, boy! Is this the first time you've visited this village? A great woman, Impa, opened this village to us poor folk. Well, make yourself at home. The food isn't ready yet, though.
We all look like this because of the spider's curse. If every Spider of the Curse in the entire world were destroyed, the curse would be broken. When you destroy a Spider of the Curse, a token will appear. Collect it as proof of your achievement. The number next to this icon on the Quest Status Subscreen indicates how many Spiders of the Curse you have destroyed so far. When this icon is displayed next to the name of the area on the Map Subscreen, there are no more Spiders in that area. Look for them not only out in the open, but also inside the dungeons. Of course, this is just our dream... You don't have to do it if you don't want to... If you break the curse on my family, we will make you very rich... [012-016] Yeaaarrgh! I'm cursed!!
Since you've destroyed <> Spiders of the Curse, the curse is starting to weaken! Did the kids who returned to normal give you any rewards? You should know that the only way to become very rich is to destroy as many Spiders of the Curse as possible! There are some tricks to finding them all! First of all, you'll have to hunt at night. Secondly, keep in mind that they love soft soil... Pay close attention to your surroundings! Please, we're counting on you!
The curse has been broken! Thank you! Here's a reward for you! Please save my other brothers too! I'm sure they will give you something a lot better! Will you do it?!
Since you've destroyed 100 Spiders of the Curse, the curse on me has been broken. Thank you! Here is a token of my appreciation! Please take it.
We'll be careful not to get cursed again.
I'm so happy everyone is back to normal!
A job where you can make a lot of money without much effort... The only thing I can think of is thievery... Is that a bad idea?
Who's there? What a bad kid, trying to enter from the rear door! Such a bad kid... I have to tell you some juicy gossip! The boss carpenter has a son... He's the guy who sits under the tree every night... Don't tell the boss I told you that!
My little boy isn't here right now... I think he went to play in the graveyard...
Go around! Go around and around and around! What fun! I'm so happy! I'm a music man who loves to go around and around! Go around and around!!! I'm trying to come up with a musical theme inspired by this windmill...going around and around and around!!!
Little kids can't go on the "Heart-Pounding Gravedigging Tour" described on the sign. Since I can't do that, I'm just imitating Dampé the gravekeeper all day. But with my cute face, I'm not heart-pounding at all, am I?
Don't cause trouble! I'll tell Dampé!
Be quiet! It's only <:>! I, Dampé the gravekeeper, am in bed now! Go away and play! Maybe you can find a ghost in the daytime?
Hey, son, what are you doing wandering around this late at night? Oh, I get it. You're testing your courage, aren't you? You must want to go to...a graveyard! Wait a minute! What am I doing talking to a kid? I've got work to do! Work! Work! Ding dong, ding dong! The current time is: <:>. Head east and you'll find a graveyard. Legends say you can calm the souls of the dead with an old song of the Royal Family. Crptr Son : People are disgusting. My own father and mother are disgusting. You must be disgusting, too!
Is visiting other people's houses at this late hour your idea of fun? You must not have had a good upbringing. Oh well. That lady takes care of chickens, but she is, in fact, allergic to them. Oh well.
Those guys each do the work of half a man, but they still want a full man's portion! They're lazy slackers, I tell you!
I heard that our boss's house is just behind this house. He doesn't want any of us to know, though.
Oh, my boy is asleep right now. Please come back some other time to play with him!
Hey kid! Don't mess around with the graves! I'm Dampé the Gravekeeper! My face may be scary, but I'm not a bad guy... Let me give you an advertisement for my side business... Dampé the Gravekeeper's Heart-Pounding Gravedigging Tour! What's gonna come out?! What's gonna come out?! When I start digging, we'll find out! Do you want me to dig here? 10 Rupees for one hole.
It's <:> now. The Gravedigging Tour is over now! I, Dampé the gravekeeper, am in bed! Go away and play! Maybe you'll find a ghost!
The gravekeeper's diary is here. Do you want to read it?
GYAAAAH! YOU KILLED ME...Unbelievable! Oh, what? You're not one of Ganondorf's men, are you? Because of my role as a ghost, I had to act like that. I apologize. Now then, let me introduce myself. Ahem... I am one of the ghostly composer brothers of Kakariko Village. All the people in this village are born to serve the Royal Family of Hyrule. We brothers also served the Royal Family, and were assigned to study the hereditary mystic powers of the family. Though we never could figure out the power of the Triforce, we had almost completed our study of controlling time with the tones of ocarinas. Uh, I mean... Actually, we did complete that study! We would have been famous, if that hateful Ganondorf had not tried to steal our results. We could never let him reap the fruits of our research! That's why we gave our lives to protect the secret. Do you want to hear what I said again?
GYAAAAH! I'M DEAD AGAIN! What? You again? Somehow, you remind me of... Princess Zelda... Hmm... Since you may have some connection with the Royal Family, I will tell you a little more of our tale. Back then, people called us great composers because of the many musical masterpieces we wrote. But we brothers were not just composers. We had a mission to analyze the mysterious powers of Hyrule's Royal Family. Our names would be a part of Hyrule's history if we could complete our research! We kept our study extremely secret until we completed it. To tell the truth, each of us was studying a different song, one to summon the sun and another to summon the moon. If you were really sent by a member of the Royal Family, I will tell you about the results of our study. We inscribed it on the royal tombstone. As a messenger of the Royal Family, you should show your Royal credentials on top of the Triforce mark... Do you want to hear what I said again?
Shine light on the living dead... Those who break into the Royal Tomb will be obstructed by the lurkers in the dark...
This is an interesting poem...huh? Something is inscribed on the tombstone... It's the secret melody of the Composer Brothers! <game> : Keep the Sun's Song in your heart. You've learned the Sun's Song! Tablet : Restless souls wander where they don't belong. bring [sic] them calm with the Sun's Song.
GYAAAAH! You killed me!! Huh? Oh, it's you. Did you try to play the Sun's Song? Like I told you before, with that song, you can turn day to night or night to day whenever you want. When you're in darkness, that song should bring the sun's light to you. You should try it.
No passage without a Royal Decree!
The road is closed beyond this point! Can't you read the sign over there? Eh? Oh, I see. You're just a kid, and you can't read yet. Ha ha hah!
Oh, this is... This is surely Princess Zelda's handwriting! Well, let's see... Hmmm... OK... "This is Link... He is under my orders to save Hyrule." Wah ha ha ha hah! What kind of funny game has our Princess come up with now?! OK, OK, all right. You can go now... Just be careful, Mr. Hero! Wah hah ha ha hah!
By the way, Mr. Hero... If you're going to climb Death Mountain, you should equip a proper shield! It is an active volcano, after all! If you go back to Hyrule Castle Town Market, you should check out the Bazaar. They sell the shield you need there. Tell 'em I sent you and they should give you a special discount! If you think you're good to go already, don't worry about it. Now, I'd like to ask a favor of you. No, I don't expect you to do it just because of the great tip I just gave you! I'm just asking! Have you been to the Happy Mask Shop that just opened in the Hyrule Castle Town Market? Everyone is talking about it! My little boy pesters me for a popular mask, but I don't have time to go there... So, could you go and get the mask for me next time you are in the Market? If you don't feel like it, that's OK, but... Well, I have no choice, this is my job... ...sigh...
I wish I could go to the mask shop in town to buy a present for my kid... ...sigh...
I am one of the Gorons, the stone-eating people who live on Death Mountain. Look at that huge boulder over there! It blocks the entrance to the Dodongo's Cavern, which was once a very important place for us Gorons... But one day, many Dodongos suddenly appeared inside the cavern. It became a very dangerous place! On top of that, a Gerudo man in black armor used his magic to seal the entrance with that boulder! If you want to hear more Goron gossip, head up to our city! Goron City is just a little way up on the trail. It won't take much longer to get there, even on foot.
They say that a beautiful fairy lives on top of Death Mountain! Don't you want to see her?
I wish I could roll down the mountain like a rock, with a Bomb Flower and... BOOOOOOM! If I could do that with a Bomb Flower, I could become a real man.
I'm standing here to shade the Bomb Flowers from the sun. Do you have a question for me?
Those plants growing over there are Bomb Flowers. They are "mining plants" that grow only on this mountain. They usually grow only in dark places, like caves, so Bomb Flowers that grow in a place like this are extremely rare. If you have the Goron's Bracelet, even a little kid like you could easily pick it up with {A}.
Did you see the cavern on your way here? That is the Dodongo's Cavern. Because the light inside is very dim, the Bomb Flowers, a plant unique to this mountain, grow like crazy in there!
Oh...I'm so hungry... Everyone feels faint from hunger because of the food shortage in this town. We are in danger of extinction! It's all because we can't enter oru quarry, the Dodongo's Cavern. We Gorons live on a diet of rocks... And the most delicious and nutritious rocks around are found in the Dodongo's Cavern! But that seems like ancient history now... We've become such gourmets that we can't stand to eat rocks from anywhere else! Sigh... I want to eat the top sirloin rocks from the Dodongo's Cavern!
Hey! It's dangerous for a little kid like you to come out here. You might fall down! If I'm not mistaken, you came out here to eat the red stone! Well, too bad! It's not here! What? That's not why you're here? You're looking for a "Spiritual Stone?" You must mean that delicious-looking red stone that was once displayed here! I was so hungry that I thought it would be OK to just give it one tiny little lick...so I snuck out here. But, it was already gone! I think Big Brother took it away. He always says that everyone is after that red stone! Big Brother has shut himself up in his room saying, "I will wait in here for the Royal Family's messenger!"
It looks like something used to be set in this stand...
the Goron on this level, cannot currently be stopped.
I'm so hungry that I can't think about anything but food! "Spiritual Stone?" That red stone that was lighting up our city? Big Brother Darunia took it away. Then, he shut himself up in his room and won't come out. Since then, it feels like all the lights in the city have gone out... Everyone seems so...depressed... I want you to bring fire from Big Brother's room back here.
Oh? We don't get many visitors way up here. Where are you from? The forest? What's a "forest"? Eh? It's where a lot of "trees" and "plants" grow? Now I'm even more confused! Nothing grows around here besides the Bomb Flowers... We don't have "seeds" or "nuts" around here either. Even Deku Sticks are very scarce around here! I know a trick to conserve sticks! If you light a stick on fire, it will burn to ashes. Press {A} to put it away before it completely burns! By the way, I hid a stick somewhere... Hehehee...
Big Brother has shut himself up in his room saying, "I will wait in here for the Royal Family's messenger!"
You're standing on a soft carpet for guests... It feels so plush under your feet!
What the heck! Who are you?! When I heard the song of the Royal Family, I expected their messenger had arrived, but...you're just a little kid! Has Darunia, the big boss of the Gorons, really lost so much status to be treated like this by his Sworn Brother, the King? Now, I'm REALLY angry! Get out of my face, now! Are you asking why I'm in such a bad mood right now? Ancient creatures have infested the Dodongo's Cavern! We've had a poor harvest of our special crop, Bomb Flowers! Starvation and hunger because of the rock shortage! But... This is a Goron problem! We don't need any help from strangers!
Oh! Oh-oh! C'mon! Come on! Come on! Come on! HOT!! What a hot beat! WHOOOOAH! YEEEEAH! YAHOOO!! Heeey!! What a nice tune! Just like that, my depression is all gone! Something just came over me! I suddenly wanted to dance like crazy! I am Darunia! I'm the big boss of the Gorons! Was there something you wanted to ask me about? What? You want the Spiritual Stone of Fire, too? The Spiritual Stone of Fire, also known as the Goron's Ruby, is our race's hidden treasure... But hold on--I'm not going to give it to you that easily, if you want it so badly... Why don't you go destroy the monsters inside of the Dodongo's Cavern and prove you're a real man? That way, everybody will be happy again! If you do it, I will give you anything you want, even the Spiritual Stone! I have something for you. I'm not really giving you this in return for anything, but take it anyway. If you wear this, even a little fella like you can pick up a Bomb Flower using {A}.
You got the Goron's Bracelet! Now you can pull up Bomb Flowers. Stand next to one and use {A} to pull it up!
Why did you stop me? Don't stop me here! You can't stop my wild rolling! This wild rolling is the only way to relieve my stress! Now stand in awe of my wild, wild rolling!!
I'm working on something really cool right now! But I think it's going to take a while... If you can wait five or six years, it should be ready, OK? [ Level 3 ]
How was Big Brother? I see... By the way, do you know the music coming from deep inside of this tunnel? We all like this music!
When all the torches on this floor are lit, Goron City is really lively!
Are you going to clear out the Dodongos? It's a Goron problem, though. You're a nosey little kid, aren't you?! Well, of course we'll be happy if you fix it so we can get all the Bombs we want, like we used to... Just let me warn you, though... Dodongos are scary creatures! They'll eat ANYTHING!! So watch yourself, and don't get eaten!
Oh, now we can enter the cavern. You're so smart!
Giant dead Dodongo... when it sees red, a new way to go will be open.
It's me, Darunia! Well done! Thanks to you, we can once again eat the delicious rocks from the Dodongo's Cavern until our stomachs burst! What a wild adventure! It will make an incredible story... I can't believe that the Dodongos suddenly appeared in such great numbers! And that big rock blocking the cave... All this trouble must have been caused by that Gerudo thief, Ganondorf! He said, "Give me the Spiritual Stone! Only then will I open the cave for you!" You, on the other hand, risked your life for us... Kid, I like you! How's about you and I become Sworn Brothers?! No, there's no big ceremony involved! Just take this as a token of our friendship!
You obtained the Goron's Ruby! This is the Spiritual Stone of Fire passed down by the Gorons! You don't know what he means by "Sworn Brothers," but you've collected two Spiritual Stones! You have one more to find! Darunia : Brother! You'll keep brushing up on your skills as you travel, won't you? You should go see the Great Fairy on top of Death Mountain! She will power you up! Hey, everybody! Let's see off our Brother!
You did great! How 'bout a big Goron hug, Brother?!
You are incredible, destroying the Dodongos! Do you mind if I call you Big Brother?
They say that a fairy lives on top of Death Mountain. If you want to make it to the top, you'd better take a big shield with you...
Did you get the red stone? Let me get one little lick! No? Nooooo!
All right! I'll give you this in praise of your courage!
Thank you! Let me express my joy with more wild rolling!
: You are incredible, destroying the Dodongos! Do you mind if I call you Big Brother? Darunia : Hey, Brother, play that tune again sometime soon!
No matter how many times I hear that song, it doesn't get old!
Mountain Summit Danger Ahead - Keep Out
Death Mountain Summit Entrance to the crater ahead Beware of intense heat!
You've done well to come all the way up here, Link. This is the summit of the sacred Death Mountain! Hoot! It is said that the clouds surrounding this peak reflect the condition of Death Mountain. When they look normal, it is at peace. Climbing all the way up here just proves how smart you are! Now I want to see you make another smart move... The Great Fairy lives on this mountaintop, and she will give you a new skill! She is the leader of the fairies, you know. Hoo! I will perch here and wait for you. When you're ready to go back down, I can help you! Now, get going!
...???
Welcome Link! I am the Great Fairy of Power! I'm going to grant you a sword technique. Receive it now!
You mastered the secret sword technique of the Spin Attack! Hold {B} to charge your weapon! Release {B} to unleash a wave of energy with your spin! If you want to release energy without charging your weapon, just rotate {Control Stick} once and press {B} for a very effective quick spin! GreatFairy: When you charge power for a Spin Attack, Magic Power will be consumed. Pay attention to your green Magic Meter! Hey, boy! You're a messenger of the Royal Family, aren't you? Next time you're in their neighborhood, you should drop in on a friend of mine who lives by Hyrule Castle. She'll surely grant you another new power! When battle has made you weary, please come back to see me.
Hoo hoot! Well, it looks like you've grown up a little from the Great Fairy's power... But you still don't really look like the hero who will save Hyrule. At least not yet! If you are going back down the mountain, I can lend you a wing. Come here and grab my talons! And hold on tight! Hoo hooooooot!
Watch out for swift current and strong undertow.
Hoo hoo! Looks like you've gotten bigger and stronger already, Link! Just ahead lies Zora's Domain. The Zoras serve Hyrule's Royal Family by protecting this water source. Their door will not open for anyone except those who have some connection with the Royal Family. Let them hear the melody of the Royal Family! Hooo hoo hooooot!
Chomp chomp chomp... How about some Magic Beans? They aren't selling very well... How about... 10 Rupees for one piece?
Chomp chomp chomp... How about some Magic Beans? Well, they're not that popular yet. How about... 20 Rupees for one piece? Chomp chomp chomp... How about some Magic Beans? They are getting to be quite popular... 30 Rupees for one piece. How about it? Chomp chomp chomp... How about some Magic Beans? They're all the rage! 40 Rupees for one piece. Chomp chomp chomp... We have the popular Magic Beans! You'll regret it if you don't buy them now! 50 Rupees for one piece. (Just for now.) Chomp chomp chomp... These are the super-popular Magic Beans! In case you're wondering, they'll soon be sold out! Super price! 60 Rupees for one piece! Chomp chomp chomp... We have the super-rare Magic Beans! This could be your last chance! Special price! 70 Rupees for one piece! Chomp chomp chomp... We have the legendary Magic Beans! I'll sell them only to you! Super price! 80 Rupees for one piece! Chomp chomp chomp... Do you want...Magic Beans?! They aren't cheap, but...do you still want them? I can't let them go for more than 90 Rupees apiece! Chomp chomp chomp... We have...Magic Beans! Do you want them...huh? Huh? 100 Rupees for one piece! Keyahahah! Oh, too bad! We're sold out! Chomp chomp...What? Oh, these beans are not for sale!
Some frogs are looking at you from underwater...
Young lad, you play the Ocarina well... Mmmmm...! That melody is so fine...ribbit! We all should practice it, ribbit! Take Rupees as a souvenir! If you come up with another nice melody, please drop by and play it...Ribbit ribbit!
Wow, that melody is so cool! Ribbit! Siiiiingin' in the raaaaaain, Oh [sic] what a feeling! Rrrrrribbbit!! Please take this as a token of our froggish gratitude, ribbit! All right. See you, ribbit!
Look at us, we're all huge frogs!! We are the world famous Fabulous Five Froggish Tenors!! Rrrribbit!! Make us jump so we can eat the bugs flying above us, ribbit! OK? Then, ready, set, go!
Young boy, you did grrreat! Perrrrrfect! We are stuffed, ribbit! Would you take this token of our gratitude?
Sleepless Waterfall The flow of this waterfall serves the King of Hyrule. When the King slumbers, so too do these falls.
Who are you? We are the Zoras, the proud aquatic people! So...you say you have some connection with Hyrule's Royal Family... Well, what do you want from us?
Zora's Fountain is the source of the river. Lord Jabu-Jabu lives in the fountain. Lord Jabu-Jabu is the patron deity of the Zoras. Princess Ruto is in charge of preparing his meals, morning and night. [002] : We Zoras all serve the great King Zora. [003] : Have you seen Lord Jabu-Jabu?
We haven't found Princess Ruto even though some of us have searched as far as Lake Hylia...
All of the water in Hyrule flows from Zora's Fountain. That water flows through Zora's River, which eventually reaches Lake Hylia to the south.
We are good at diving! How about you? If you want to be a master diver, try the diving game at the top of the waterfall! Have you tried it already?
I want to buy a fish, but they are a little too expensive... I have no choice but to catch one of the fishes [sic] that's swimming around out there.
If you want to buy fish, you need a container to put them in.
Diving Game 20 Rupees Want to play?
Oh, my dear, sweet Princess Ruto... Where has she gone? I'm so worried...
You got an Empty Bottle! Put something inside and press {C} to use it... What? Something's already inside!? ...Huh? It looks like there is something already inside this bottle. It's a letter:
I am a Zora. Have you seen anything strange in the lake? The river carries many things into this lake!
My name is Pierre, the wandering scarecrow. Actually, I wish I could wander to look for soul-moving sounds, but I'm kind of stuck here.
Fantastic tune! It touches my heart! If you come up with a nice song, come back and let me hear it!
That song you played for me stays in my heart! If you come up with a nice song, come back and let me hear it!
I am Bonooru, the scarecrow musical genius! I hear a song once, and I never forget it, baby!
Whoa! You have an ocarina! Hey, why don't you lay a tune on me with it, baby?!
Oh well, I don't remember that song, baby. Why? That's what I can't tell ya! Good golly!
Well...not bad! I will remember it for you anyway! I don't mean I can remember only eight notes, but let's just cut it right there for now, baby!
Hey, baby! I'm Bonooru, the scarecrow! You've probably heard about my fantastic memory! If you have a new tune to play, blow it! This is the song you tooted last time, baby! Hit it!
What are you doing? You've come a long way to get up here... You should look at the Map Subscreen sometimes. Link, this is a beautiful lake full of pure, clear water. At the lake bottom there is a Water Temple used to worship the water spirits. The Zoras are guardians of the temple. Hoo hoo. The Zoras come from Zora's Domain in northeast Hyrule. An aquatic race, they are longtime allies of Hyrule's Royal Family. I heard that only the Royal Family of Hyrule can enter Zora's Domain. Hoo hoo! I'm on my way back to the castle. If you want to come with me, hold on to my talons!
Hello there, son. I'm researching the process of making medicine by mixing Lake Hylia's water with various unusual compounds. Perhaps you've met that old lady from the potion shop...she is like a student of mine... Ho ho ho!
You may not have noticed, but I've been watching you. You dove <1/2/3> meters just now. But I wouldn't call that a real dive. You may not have noticed, but I've been watching you. You dove <4/5> meters just now. Still not deep enough! You may not have noticed, but I've been watching you. You dove 6 meters just now. You should be able to dive deeper!
Well, do you want to go fishing for 20 Rupees?
Wah ha haah! Did you set the hook by pressing {A} and {Control Stick} down? Hey, what happened? You lost it! Well, well...it's about <> pounds. Do you want to keep it?
Wow! This is a real lunker! Let's see...it weighs <> pounds! Do you want to keep it?
What? Huh? Oh? I think the fish you already kept was bigger than this one... Do you still want to keep it?
What do you want?
Hey, c'mon! You don't have a fish! Shucks! Well, it weighs <> pounds... Not bad, but there are bigger fish in there! WHOA! This fish is huge! It looks like a new record! It weighs at least <> pounds! Seriously! OK, here is your prize!
You want to try another lure? What are you talking about? Are you so selfish? Don't you know the old saying, "A great fisherman never chooses his own lure?" What? Do you want to know some fishing secrets? I can't tell you any. They are company secrets. Seriously! What? You want to know if I'm a good fisherman? Of course I am! I'm an old pro! Do you know what a pro is? I'm telling the truth! What? You want to go fishing in a different fishing pond?! What are you talking about? I'll go out of business if you go somewhere else! I'm serious! What? You want to know why I'm scratching all the time? What are you talking about? Actually, I have no idea. I'm serious! Hey, young man! Don't you have anything important you should be doing? What? Are you saying it's more fun to play here? I've seen many people ruin their lives with that kind of attitude. I'm serious! Oh well...
Passion alone won't catch you many fish. I'm serious!
Come back when you get older! The fish will be bigger, too... Well, maybe.
Hey! Hey! You can't take the rod out of here! When you quit fishing, return the rod to the counter. I'm serious!
Ho, this letter! It's from Princess Ruto!! Hmmm...Let's see... She's inside Lord Jabu-Jabu? That's not possible! Our guardian god, Lord Jabu-Jabu, would never eat my dear Princess Ruto! But since that stranger, Ganondorf, came here, Lord Jabu-Jabu has been a little green around the gills... The evidence seems clear. Of course, you'll go find Ruto. You can pass through here to the altar of Lord Jabu-Jabu. I'll keep this letter. You keep the bottle it was in. Take it respectfully! Please find my dear Princess Ruto immediately... Zora!
Zora's Fountain Don't disturb Lord Jabu-Jabu! --King Zora XVI
You! Who are you?! I am Ruto, Princess of the Zoras. What?! Are you saying my father asked you to come here to save me? I'd never ask anyone to do such a thing! "Letter in a Bottle?" I have no idea what you're talking about! My father is worried about me? I don't care! Anyway, I can't go home right now. And you... Get out of here! Understand?!
Ooooh Noooooo!
Are you still hanging around here? I told you to go away! I'm OK. I've been going inside Lord Jabu-Jabu's belly since I was little, but... Lord Jabu-Jabu is very strange today... There are electrified jellyfish and strange holes around... On top of that, my precious stone was...but... That's none of your business! Anyway... You! Go home now! Understand?!
You're that worried about me? Then I will give you the honor of carrying me! However...I won't leave until I find the thing I'm looking for. You'd better believe me!
How inconsiderate! How could you leave me behind?! If you're a man, act like one! Take responsibility!
That's it! That's what I've been looking for! Throw me up there! Onto the platform!
Princess Ruto got the Spiritual Stone! But why Princess Ruto? Ruto : Oh my goodness! I finally found... My mother's stone... I got very upset when Lord Jabu-Jabu swallowed it... While I was feeding him, he suddenly swallowed me! I was so surprised I dropped it inside... But, now that I've found it, I don't need to be in here anymore! So, take me home, right now!
Keeeyaaaah! What is this?! An octopus?!
You...You're late! What took you so long! You're useless! I was just lonely, that's all... Just a little!
You! You looked cool...cooler than I thought you would, anyway... Just a little! Well, anyway, you saved me, so I guess I'll reward you. What do you wish? Just tell me...
You mean the Spiritual Stone of Water, Zora's Sapphire, don't you?
Heeheehee... Don't be shy. I can tell what you're thinking...
My mother gave it to me and said I should give it only to the man >who will be my husband. You might call it the Zora's Engagement Ring! All right! I'll give you my most precious possession: Zora's Sapphire!
You obtained Zora's Sapphire! This is the Spiritual Stone of Water passed down by the Zoras! Her most precious possession? You don't know what she's talking about, but you've finally collected all three Spiritual Stones!! Go back to see Princess Zelda!
Don't tell my father...
Oh, it's you, Link! Thanks to you, Lord Jabu-Jabu is back to normal!
Oh, hi Link! You're all Princess Ruto will talk about lately!
Did my most precious possession help you in your quest? Heehee!
Oh, Link! So, you saved the Princess, eh? I really appreciate it!
Arrrrgh! I lost her! You, over there! Little kid! You must have seen the white horse gallop past just now... Which way did it go?! Answer me!! So, you think you can protect them from me... You've got guts, kid.
Heh heh heh... You want a piece of me?! Very funny! I like your attitude!
Pathetic little fool! Do you realize who you are dealing with?! I am Ganondorf! And soon, I will rule the world!
What's that?
You found the Ocarina of Time! This is the Royal Family's hidden treasure which Zelda left behind. It glows with a mystical light...
Link...can you hear me? It's me, Zelda... Link, when you hold this Ocarina in your hand... I won't be around anymore... I wanted to wait for you, but I couldn't delay any longer... At least I could leave you the Ocarina and this melody... This song opens the Door of Time...
You've learned the Song of Time!
Now, Link. Play this melody in front of the altar in the Temple of Time. You must protect the Triforce!
Look at that guy--he's so scared! What a wimp! Ha ha ha!
I almost got kicked by that black horse!
What happened?!
The one riding on the white horse holding the little girl... Wasn't that a legendary Sheikah? [007] : I have a feeling something terrible is going to happen... Maybe I should leave town soon.
I might have seen a cute little girl around here... Maybe she went to the castle? Who knows?
Something happened in the castle! Kid, you'd better be careful!
My precious little puppy's fur coat is very special compared to the other mutts around here!
Wasn't that Princess Zelda riding on the white horse?!
That guy riding on the black horse must have been Ganondorf, who is renowned as the Gerudo King of Thieves.
Oh so scary... Oh so scary...
That scary-looking man took off out of here really fast!
We don't see a lot of Gerudos in these parts... Something fishy is going on!
zzzzz.zzzzz... Huh? Wha--! Uh-oh! A customer! Welcome to our cutting-edge amusement center: The Bombchu Bowling Alley! Do you want to know what you can win? Well, it's a secret. I can't tell you until you've paid to play. It's 30 Rupees per game. Do you want to play?
I came here to sell bombs... Please buy some!
Unnngh...are you the boy from the forest...? I-I-I've finally met you... I-I-I have something to t-t-tell you... Ganondorf, the Gerudo King of Thieves, betrayed our King... Zelda's nanny, Impa, sensed danger and escaped from the castle with our Princess... I tried to stop Ganondorf's men from chasing them... but... The Princess was...waiting for a boy from the forest...that's you... She wanted to give something to the boy... If you received it from the Princess, hurry...to the Temple of Time....
He's not moving anymore...
This is a new type of bomb! It's available only in limited quantities, and when I'm sold out, that's it!
There's a lot going on in the castle right now. I can't allow even a dog to get into the castle!
There are three hollows and an inscription here.... Ye who owns 3 Spiritual Stones Stand with the Ocarina of Time And play the Song of Time That is how the inscription reads.
Link, isn't that...?! It's that legendary blade...The Master Sword!!
Geh heh heh! Excellent work! As I thought, you held the keys to the Door of Time! You have led me to the gates of the Sacred Realm... Yes, I owe it all to you, kid!
Link... Wake up... Link, the chosen one...
I am Rauru, one of the ancient Sages... Ages ago, we ancient Sages built the Temple of Time to protect the entrance to the Sacred Realm... This is the Chamber of Sages, inside the Temple of Light... The Temple of Light, situated in the very center of the Sacred Realm, is the last stronghold against Ganondorf's evil forces. The Master Sword--the evil-destroying sword that you pulled out of the Pedestal of Time--was the final key to the Sacred Realm. Link... Don't be alarmed... Look at yourself...!
Look Link! You're big now!! You've grown up!
The Master Sword is a sacred blade which evil ones may never touch.... Only one worthy of the title of "Hero of Time" can pull it from the Pedestal of Time.... However, you were too young to be the Hero of Time.... Therefore, your spirit was sealed here for seven years. And now that you are old enough, the time has come for you to awaken as the Hero of Time! Well, do you understand your destiny?
Right, it looks like you are confused... Let me tell you again, from the beginning.
But, remember... Though you opened the Door of Time in the name of peace... Ganondorf, the Gerudo King of Thieves, used it to enter this forbidden Sacred Realm! He obtained the Triforce from the Temple of Light, and with its power, he became the King of Evil... His evil power radiated from the temples of Hyrule, and in seven short years, it transformed Hyrule into a world of monsters. My power now has only little influence, even in this Sacred Realm... Namely, this Chamber of Sages. But there is still hope... The power of the Sages remains. When the power of all the Sages is awakened... The Sages' Seals will contain all the evil power in the void of the Realm... I, Rauru, am one of the Sages... And... Your power to fight together with the Sages makes you the Hero of Time! The Hero of Time, chosen by the Master Sword! Keep my spirit with you... And, find the power of the other Sages, and add their might to your own!
You received the Light Medallion! Rauru the Sage adds his power to yours!
Find the other Sages and save Hyrule!
Link...we're back in the Temple of Time... But have seven years really passed? It looks like you won't be able to use some of the weapons you found as a kid anymore... Let's get out of here!
I've been waiting for you, Hero of Time... When evil rules all, an awakening voice from the Sacred Realm will call those destined to be Sages, who dwell in the five temples. One in a deep forest... One on a high mountain... One under a vast lake... One within the house of the dead... One inside a goddess of the sand... Together with the Hero of Time, the awakened ones will bind the evil and return the light of peace to the world... This is the legend of the temples passed down by my people, the Sheikah. I am Sheik. Survivor of the Sheikahs... As I see you standing there holding the mythical Master Sword, you really do look like the legendary Hero of Time... If you believe the legend, you have no choice. You must look for the five temples and awaken the five Sages... One Sage is waiting for the time of awakening in the Forest Temple. The Sage is a girl I am sure you know... Because of the evil power in the temple, she cannot hear the awakening call from the Sacred Realm... Unfortunately, equipped as you currently are, you cannot even enter the temple... But, if you believe what I'm saying, you should head to Kakariko Village... Do you understand, Link?
To save the forest girl, you need another skill... Head to Kakariko Village!
The Ocarina of Time opened the door. The Hero of Time, with the Master Sword, descended here.
Oh...you are quite an energetic young man. You're brave and handsome, too. Heh heh heh...your name is Link, isn't it. [sic] Heh heh he...don't be surprised. I can read people's minds. If I looked as good as you, I could run a different kind of business...heh he heh... My shop is the only Ghost Shop in Hyrule. Because of the great Ganondorf, it is a fine time for a business like this...heh heh heh... Oh...I can only hope the world gets even worse! The ghosts, called Poes, are spirits of concentrated hatred that appear in the fields and graveyard. They hate the world! Young man, if you catch a Poe, I will pay a lot of money for it... Heh heh hee!
Hey, young man. What's happening today? If you have a Poe, I will buy it. Your card now has 0 points. Come back again! Heh heh heh!
Oh, you brought a Poe today! ........ Hmmm... This is a normal Poe. Here are your 10 Rupees. Take them. Heh heh. Hmmmm! Very interesting! This is a Big Poe! I'll buy it for 50 Rupees. On top of that, I'll put 100 points on your card. If you earn 1,000 points, you'll be a happy man! Heh heh.
Wait a minute! WOW! You have earned 1,000 points! Young man, you are a genuine Ghost Hunter! Is that what you expected me to say? Heh heh heh! Because of you, I have extra inventory of Big Poes, so this will be the last time I can buy a ghost. You're thinking about what I promised would happen when you earned 1,000 points. Heh heh. Don't worry. I didn't forget. Just take this.
Hey, young man. What's happening today? If you have a Poe, I will buy it. Your card now has 1000 points. Come back again! Heh heh heh!
Ding dong, ding dong! The current time is <:>. By the way, do you know what happened in the castle?
Wah hah hah hah hah hah! Look at this guy! Ever since he escaped from Hyrule Castle Town, he's become even more timid!
I tell you, I saw him! I saw the ghostly figure of Dampé the gravekeeper sinking into his grave. It looked like he was holding some kind of treasure!
A long time ago... There was a man in this very village who had an eye they said could see the truth! Now usually, you have to train your mind's eye most strenuously to actually see the truth... But this fella, no, they say he had a different way of doing things... His house stood where the well is now...
{1} Hee hee... Violating our personal space! He must have something better to do... Don't you agree, darling?
Heh.... What an annoying person, interrupting us like this... Don't you agree, my love?
The windmill draws water up from the depth of the well. Now the well is dried up, though. Hrrrrm...
Look at me! I'm on top of the world! It really bothers me to see anyone at a higher level than I am! I have to be on top!
Hey! Young man! A grown boy like you entering a person's house without permission?! I want to talk to your parents! Oh well. This isn't my house anyway. This is the great Impa's house! The great Impa has gone to the graveyard to seal up the humongous creature there. Since Ganondorf appeared, many monsters have been sighted around here. Only the great Impa has kept peace in our village. You have to remember that, young man! Oh well. Speaking of the great Impa, she hasn't come back yet. I wonder what happened to her? I heard that the ghost of the gravekeeper often appears in the graveyard behind this village... But, no big deal.
All people have hardships in their past that they would rather no one found out about. Look at the bearded man sleeping over there. I bet even someone like him has had his share of troubles in the past...
Look at him...the man with the beard. I think he was fired from his job at the ranch... He's always just lazing around, morning, noon and night. He's an awfully carefree guy during such hard times... Talon : Z Z Z... Malon...doing all right... Mumble...mumble... Sorry to make you worry...
An old witch runs the Potion Shop behind this one. You can get to that shop through the door to the left of the counter.
We moved here from the castle town. I know times are tough, but I hope you will be a steady customer for us!
I heard that the Lost Woods, where fairies live, is a strange place with many mysterious smells. I wish I could just once make medicine with some of the strange things I might find there... I may not be able to see very well anymore, but my nose still works fine! Hehehe!
Grrrrrrrrr! I'll never forget what happened on that day, seven years ago! Grrrrrrrrr! It's all that Ocarina kid's fault! Next time he comes here, I'm gonna mess him up!
Heart-Pounding Gravedigging Tour! Tours are cancelled until a new gravekeeper is found. We apologize for any inconvenience.
If I fall asleep up here, I'll surely fall down... [ Buildings ]
If that lady asks you about chickens, you should listen to her.
: Nobody believes what I've been telling them all these past seven years!
Wah hah hah hah hah hah! Those are some funny-looking clothes, man!
Folks around here tell of a fabulously rich family that once lived in one of the houses in this village... But they say that the entire family was cursed due to their greed! Who knows what might happen to those who are consumed by greed...
The lady here is really generous. She even took care of the carpenters when they were here!
Heh heh heh, young man! Are you fast on your feet? I may not look like it, but I'm confident in my speed! Let's have a race! Follow me if you dare!
The time of this race was <"">!! Hehehe, young man... You were very quick to be able to keep up with me! Hehehe! As a reward, I'm going to give you my treasure. It's called the Hookshot! Its spring-loaded chain will pull you to any spot where its hook sticks. Doesn't that sound cool? I'm sure it will help you! I live here now, so come back again sometime. I'll give you something cool! One more thing! Be careful on your way back! Heheheh...
You found the Hookshot! It's a spring-loaded chain that you can cast out to hook things. You can use it to drag distant items toward you, or you can use it to pull yourself toward something. While holding {C}, you can aim with {Control Stick}. Shoot it by releasing {C}.
Oh...a visitor! It's been a long time since we've had a visitor here... Where did you come from? Since Ganondorf came, people in the Castle Town have gone, places have been ruined, and monsters are wandering everywhere. Mr. Ingo is just using the ranch to gain Ganondorf's favor... Everyone seems to be turning evil... But Dad... He was kicked out of the ranch by Mr. Ingo... If I disobey Mr. Ingo, he will treat the horses so badly... So... There's nothing I can do...
Please keep it a secret from Mr. Ingo that I sing this song...
Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z... S-stop that song...I...I... Mumble... mumble...
There are some people in Kakariko spreading rumors that I cheated Talon out of the ranch, but... Don't be ridiculous! That guy Talon was weak! I, the hard-working Ingo, poured so much energy into this place! I don't want any strangers like you saying anything bad about me! Listen. The great Ganondorf recognized my obvious talents and gave the ranch to me! I will raise a fine horse and win recognition from the great Ganondorf! Say, young man, do you want to ride one of my fine horses? Pay me 10 Rupees and you can ride.
Do you want to hear how to ride? -
Approach the horse quietly and stand by its side. Press {A} to mount up. Use the {Control Stick} to make it run. Once it starts running, press {A} to tap it with the whip. It will speed up! When you want to jump over a fence, accelerate and hit it head on! If you try to jump over a fence at an angle, the horse won't like it, and it won't jump. After the horse comes to a complete stop, press {A} to dismount. Now, have fun! Thank you so much. Heh heh! -
Thank you so much. Heh heh!
All right then, scram ya little punk!
If you use {Z} Targeting, you can talk to me from horseback. Are you ready to go home so soon?
Tsk tsk...When your time is up, I'll kick you out of here.
When you want to dismount, stop and press {A}. Hey young man! Do I know you? I just felt as though I've seen you somewhere before...
Hey! Time's up, young man! You only paid 10 Rupees! You've played around long enough!
You're getting better! How about a little race with me? One lap around the corral with that horse. Let's make a little wager, say 50 Rupees?
Hey hey... What's the matter? Don't you have even 50 Rupees?! I don't want to race with someone so poor!
Hee hee hee... Too bad for you! I get your 50 Rupees. Heh heh... Are you mad because you lost? If you're that upset, how about another race? Bet 50 Rupees and race again?
Sh-shoooot! If the great Ganondorf found out about this humiliation... Hey, you!! How about another race! If you win... You can keep...the horse!!
Wah ha hah! You're just a kid, after all! Well, come back any time and we'll have some more fun...
What's up with that horse?! Is that Epona? How did you tame that wild horse right under my nose?! I was going to present that horse to the great Ganondorf... But I bet it on the race and lost! Shooot! Hah ha hah! As I promised, I'll give the horse to you... However... I'll never let you leave this ranch!
Hi there, how are you? I am Ingo. I feel so honored to be allowed to work here.
{1} Thank you very much for the other day... I haven't even asked you your name yet... ........ Really? Link! That's what I thought! You're the fairy boy from the forest! That was years ago! Do you remember me? You do? I was sure it was you because Epona remembered you! Oh, I have to tell you about Mr. Ingo... He was afraid that the Evil King might find out that Epona had been taken away... It really upset him! But one day, all of a sudden, he went back to being a normal, nice person! Now my dad is coming back... I can't believe it, but peace is returning to this ranch! It's all because of you! I owe you so much! Thank you! Thank you, Link! {2} Epona looks great! It looks like you were able to tame her, too! How about trying your skill with Epona on an obstacle course? I'll time you for two laps. It's pretty challenging. If you miss jumping a fence in the proper order, you'll fail. How about it? Do you want to try?
Mr. Ingo... He must have been tempted by evil powers. He's not really a bad person at all...
How is Epona doing? If you play Epona's Song with your Ocarina, she will surely come to you. Please come back to the ranch whenever you want to train Epona!
I'm gonna turn over a new leaf and work real hard from now on.
* - Day: Hi there, how are you? I am Ingo. I feel so honored to be allowed to work here.
Z Z Z Z Z Z Z Z... Mumble... It's not easy to be a working man...
Why is that fairy following you around? You're not one of us!
I see. You didn't have any problems entering the forest, mister... Did the meanies out there bother you much? Before the Great Deku Tree died, you wouldn't see things like that around here... Since it's dangerous outside, I always stay inside my house. But I'm bored to death in here!
Have you been travelling around much, mister? Have you ever met a boy named Link? Mido said that the Great Deku Tree withered because that boy did something wrong to it... Only Saria defended Link--until she left. Maybe we misunderstood...
Since the Great Deku Tree withered...more meanies have been ppearing in the forest... I'm scared!
Where's Saria? Do you know Saria, mister? That's weird... Where has Mido gone during such an emergency?
An evil wind is blowing from the direction of the Forest Temple. Saria left, saying, "I have to do something about it!" The Forest Temple is located in the Sacred Forest Meadow in the far side of the Lost Woods.
Haven't I seen you somewhere before, mister?
Saria went to the Temple and hasn't come back...
Hi, mister! You can't use a Deku Shield! It's only for kids!
You can buy arrows at a shop only if you have a bow. Have you got one, mister?
: We sell shields, but not swords!
What are you? Though you wear Kokirish clothing, you can't fool me! I promised Saria I would never let anybody go through here.
That melody?! Saria plays that song all the time! You...Do you know Saria? That song... Saria taught that song only to her friends... OK... I trust you. When I see you... I don't know why, but I remember...him...
The flow of time is always cruel... Its speed seems different for each person, but no one can change it... A thing that doesn't change with time is a memory of younger days... In order to come back here again, play the Minuet of Forest.
Play the Minuet of Forest!
You have learned the Minuet of Forest! Sheik : Link... I'll see you again...
Hey kid, you did quite well... It looks like you may be gaining some slight skill... But you have defeated only my phantom... When you fight the real me, it won't be so easy! What a worthless creation that ghost was! I will banish it to the gap between dimensions!!
Thank you... Because of you, I could awaken as a Sage... I am Saria. The Sage of the Forest Temple... I always believed that you would come. Because I know you... No... You don't have to explain it to me... Because it is destiny that you and I can't live in the same world. I will stay here as the Forest Sage and help you... Now, please take this Medallion...
You received the Forest Medallion! Saria awakens as a Sage and adds her power to yours! Saria will always be...your friend...
Oh...I see... Saria won't ever come back... But...I...I made a promise to Saria... If Link came back, I would be sure to tell him that Saria had been waiting for him... Because Saria...really... liked... Hey, you. If you see him somewhere, please let him know... And also... I'm sorry for being mean to him. Tell him that, too.
Hi there! I'm the Deku Tree sprout! Because you and Saria broke the curse on the Forest Temple, I can grow and flourish! Thanks a lot! Hey, have you seen your old friends? None of them recognized you with your grown-up body, did they? That's because the Kokiri never grow up! Even after seven years, they're still kids! You must be wondering why only you have grown up! Well, as you might have already guessed, you are not a Kokiri! You are actually a Hylian! I am happy to finally reveal this secret to you! Some time ago, before the King of Hyrule unified this country, there was a fierce war in our world. One day, to escape from the fires of the war, a Hylian mother and her baby boy entered this forbidden forest. The mother was gravely injured... Her only choice was to entrust the child to the Deku Tree, the guardian spirit of the forest. The Deku Tree could sense that this was a child of destiny, whose fare would affect the entire world, so he took him into the forest. After the mother passed away, the baby was raised as a Kokiri. And now, finally, the day of destiny has come! You are a Hylian, and were always bound to leave this forest. And now... You have learned your own destiny... So you know what you must do... That's right... You must save the land of Hyrule! Now, Link, break the curses on all of the Temples, and return peace to Hyrule!!
Link... I wonder if he will come back...
Now that the Deku Tree's sprout is growing in the Great Deku Tree's meadow, the forest has returned to normal!
Teach me to do some fancy fencing! All I've ever done is tap {B} all my life!
You're such a big, strong guy! I really want to be like you someday even though I'll always be small.
I still think you really look like somebody I've seen before, mister.
I feel like I've known you for a long time, mister!
Somehow, a fair wind has begun to blow recently.
I'm sure Link will return someday!
Since a fairy wind started to blow, I'm sure Link will come back!
I wonder if Saria will come back...
You destroyed the wicked creatures that haunted the temple and awakened the Sage... But there are still other Sages who need your help. In order to awaken all the other Sages, you must become even more powerful. You must travel over mountains...under water...and even through time... If you want to return to your original time, return the Master Sword to the Pedestal of Time. By doing this, you will travel back in time seven years... The time will come when you will have to return here quickly... I will teach this to you for when that time comes... The song to return you to the Temple of Light... The Prelude of Light...
Play the Prelude of Light!
You have learned the Prelude of Light! Sheik : As long as you hold the Ocarina of Time and the Master Sword, you hold time itself in your hands... Link, we shall meet again!
My Brotherrrr... Opened a new storrrre... It's Medigoron's Blade Storrrrrrrre... Howeverrrrr... I am beterrrrrr at making bladesssssss, Hylian carpenterrrrrs praise me forrrrrr my skillssssss. I'm not lyinnnnng...
I just completed a small weapon. How about it... How about buying this knife for 200 Rupees?
Nope, you don't have enough Rupees!
How do you like the feel of it?
It looks like there is a problem with its durability... But still... How about buying this knife for 200 Rupees?
All right. Come back again.
How could you do this to me? You, you're Ganondorf's servant! Hear my name and tremble! I am Link! Hero of the Gorons! What? Your name is also Link? Then you must be the legendary Dodongo Buster and Hero, Link! My dad is Darunia... Do you remember him? Dad named me Link after you, because you're so brave! It's a cool name! I really like it! Link, you're a hero of us Gorons! I'm so glad to meet you! Please give me your autograph! Sign it: "To my friend, Link of the Gorons" Oh... I guess it's not a good time to ask you for this... Please help everyone! My dad, Darunia, went to the Fire Temple. A dragon is inside! If we don't hurry up, even my dad will be eaten by the dragon!! B-b-b-boooo hooooo! <game> : You'd better try to calm him down if you can... Maybe he will calm down if you talk to him? What do you want to ask him?
A long time ago there was an evil dragon named Volvagia living in this mountain. That dragon was very scary! He ate Gorons! Using a huge hammer, the hero of the Gorons... BOOOM! Destroyed it just like that. This is a myth from long ago, but it's true! I know, because my dad is a descendant of the hero! B-b-b-boooo hooooo!
B-b-b-boooo hooooo!
Everybody was taken to the Fire Temple... While my dad was out... Ganondorf's followers came and took them all away! All of them will be eaten by Volvagia! Dad said that Ganondorf has revived Volvagia... As a warning to those who might oppose him, Ganondorf is going to feed them all to Volvagia!
Dad went to the Fire Temple all by himself to try to save everyone... Please help, Link! I'll give you this heat-resistant tunic!
You got a Goron Tunic! This heat-resistant tunic is adult size, so it won't fit a kid... Going to a hot place? No worry!
Dad told me not to let anybody follow him to the temple, but... Only you, Link, can save everyone! I'm sure that the shop owner, who is hiding somewhere right now, will also help you! Now, I'll tell you about the secret passage to the Fire Temple! Try to move the statue inside Dad's room!
Oh, no! Everybody's gone! Only I was left behind!
It is something that grows over time... a true friendship. A feeling in the heart that becomes even stronger over time... The passion of friendship will soon blossom into a righteous power and through it, you will know which way to go... This song is dedicated to the power of the heart... Listen to the Bolero of Fire...
Play the Bolero of Fire!
You have learned the Bolero of Fire! Sheik : Link... I'll see you again...
Who's there? Is that you, Link...? Oh, it really is Link! You've grown so big since I last saw you! I want to have a man-to-man talk with you, but now's not the time. Ganondorf is causing trouble on Death Mountain again! He has revived the evil, ancient dragon Volvagia! On top of that, he is going to feed my people to that evil dragon as a warning to other races that might resist him... If that fire-breathing dragon escapes from the mountain, all of Hyrule will become a burning wasteland! I will go on ahead to try to seal up the evil dragon... I'm concerned, though, because I don't have the legendary hammer... But I have no choice. Link...I'm asking you to do this as my Sworn Brother... While I'm trying to deal with the dragon, please save my people! The prisoners' cells are in the opposite direction. I'm counting on you, Link!
Please...Don't...Eat me... If you eat something like me, you'll get a stomach ache! You'll be very sorry!!
Are you releasing me? Am I free to go?
I'll tell you a secret for saving me! In order to get into the room where Darunia went, you have to do something about the pillar stuck in the ceiling. Find a path that leads to a room above the ceiling right away!
Here's a secret for saving me! A wall that you can destroy with the Goron's "special crop" will sound different than a regular wall if you hit it with your sword.
I'll tell you a secret for saving me! There are switches in this temple that you have to cut to activate. But, you can also use the Goron "special crop" to do the job.
I'll tell you a secret for saving me! In this temple, there are doors that fall down when you try to open them. When one of these doors starts to fall, move! If you use a sample of the Goron's "special crop," you can break it...
Let me tell you a secret as a reward for releasing me! When you are on fire, you can put it out by swinging your sword, or by rolling forward... Did you know that?
Here's a tip for rescuing me! Somewhere in this temple, you're sure to meet up with some creatures that dance as they attack. Arrows won't hurt them! Looks like you might need some of the Goron's "special crop!" That's all I have to tell you!
I'll tell you a secret for saving me! If you find a place you can see on the map, but can't reach, try playing your Ocarina!
I'll tell you a secret for saving me! A door is hidden inside the statue at the entrance to this temple. But, the Goron "special crop" won't work on it... Don't you have anything stronger?
Oh, I see. Big Brother Darunia asked you to rescue me. I owe you big time! Please help Big Brother!
Thank you, Brother! I really appreciate what you did. I thank you on behalf of the entire Goron race! You turned out to be a real man, just as I thought you would! By the way, I, the wild Darunia, turned out to be the great Sage of Fire... Isn't that funny, Brother? Well, this must be what they call destiny. Nothing has made me happier than helping you seal the evil here! Hey, Brother, take this! This is a Medallion that contains the power of the fire spirits--and my friendship.
You received the Fire Medallion! Darunia awakens as a Sage and adds his power to yours!
Don't forget... Now you and I are true Brothers!
Brother Link! Everybody has come back! Dad and you destroyed the dragon together, didn't you! When I grow up, I want to be a strong man like you, Link!
Thank you, Link!!
Everybody has come back! It's business as usual!
Oh--I've come back to life! Was it you who saved me? Don't be nervous! It looks like you have a hard time breathing underwater. As an expression of my gratitude, I grant you this tunic. With this, you won't choke underwater.
You got a Zora Tunic! This diving suit is adult size, so it won't fit a kid. Wear it, and you won't drown underwater.
Ohhh, I'm revived... Was it you who saved me? Don't be so nervous! I will give you a Zora Tunic as a token of my thanks. If you have this, you can... What?! You already have one? You're ready for anything, aren't you? With my heartfelt thanks...how about a KISS?! What? You don't want it?! Oh well... If you don't want my rewards, you can listen to my troubles... Princess Ruto has gone to Lake Hylia and has not come back... I'm worried...again!
You say you want to buy a Zora Tunic? That tunic is made of the finest material, and is therefore exceedingly expensive! In fact, I'm afraid only that very rich family in Kakariko Village can afford this fine garment...
We meet again, Link... If you came here to meet the Zoras, you wasted your time... This is all there is... With one exception, the Zoras are now sealed under this thick ice sheet... I managed to rescue the Zora princess from under the ice, but...she left to head for the Water Temple... This ice is created by an evil curse... The monster in the Water Temple is the source of the curse. Unless you shut off the source, this ice will never melt.... If you have courage enough to confront the danger and save the Zoras, I will teach you the melody that leads to the temple. Time passes, people move... Like a river's flow, it never ends... A childish mind will turn to noble ambition... Young love will become deep affection... The clear water's surface reflects growth... Now listen to the Serenade of Water to reflect upon yourself....
Play the Serenade of Water!
You have learned the Serenade of Water! Sheik : Link... I'll see you again...
Hey! Aren't you the fairy buddy I met a long time ago? Wow, you grew, dude! Well, here's your song... What? No, I never forget! You, you're the one who forgot...aren't you? If you have an Ocarina, play that song, baby!
Hey, it's the Ocarina! Play that song with it, baby!
........ I have a good idea! My buddy Pierre is wandering around, so play that tune when you want to call him! I'll tell him to help you if he's nearby and hears that song, baby!
Play the usual tune to call Pierre! If he's nearby, he'll come out to help you, baby!
You may not have noticed, but I've been watching you. You dove <6/7> meters just now. You should be able to dive deeper! You may not have noticed, but I've been watching you. You touched the bottom just now. Fantastic! I'll give this to you!
Your diving is the best in the world. Why don't you dive to the bottom of Lake Hylia?
Hey, mister! I remember you! It's been a long time! How many years has it been? Seven years?! What have you been doing all this time?! You're my only customer. I'm almost out of business! Seriously! On top of that, my hair... Uh, I mean, never mind... Well, do you want to go fishing? It costs only 20 Rupees!
Oh my gosh! This fish is gigantic!! A fish this big can't even fit on the screen, and I can't weigh it accurately, but it looks like it's about <> pounds!! You'll want to keep this one, right?
Gosh! That's a strange fish you caught there! On top of that, it weighs <> pounds! What do you want to do with it?
WOW! What a rare fish! This is a Hyrule Loach! For this fish, size doesn't matter. I'll give you this prize!
Recently, the number of these fish has decreased tremendously, so I'm going to release this one.
What? What are you doing to me?! Hey, what are you doing? I told you not to do that! You're terrible! Seriously! Give me back my hat!
Wow! Is this what I think it is? Astonishing! You snagged a sinking lure! What do you want to do with it?
* - "Let's talk about something.": What? Do you want to fish with a different lure? ...Hey, what's that? What? You just picked it up? Usually, the rules says [sic] you can't use one of those. I mean, usually. But, what the heck...
YAHOOOOOO! This is HUGE!! A new record!! This...this weighs as much as... <> pounds!! Buuuuuuuut! That sinking lure is in violation of the rules! So, no prize for you. Wah ha ha ha ha ha!
The biggest fish ever caught in this pond weighed <> pounds. The angler: Link
Oh...you... If I'm right...Link?! You're Link, aren't you? It's me, your fiancée, Ruto! Princess of the Zoras!
I never forgot the vows we made to each other seven years ago! You're a terrible man to have kept me waiting for these seven long years... But now is not the time to talk about love... I'm sure you've already seen it! Zora's Domain--totally frozen! A young man named Sheik saved me from under the ice... But my father and the other Zoras have not...yet... I want to save them all! I want to save Zora's Domain! You! You have to help me! This is a request from me, the woman who is going to be your wife! Link, you have to help me destroy the evil monster in the Temple, OK?! Inside the Water Temple, there are three places where you can change the water level. I'll lead the way. Follow me, quickly!!
Link! Look out! That isn't normal water over there!
Link... I would have expected no less from the man I chose to be my husband. Zora's Domain and its people will eventually return to their original state. As a reward... I grant my eternal love to you. Well, that's what I want to say, but I don't think I can offer that now. I have to guard the Water Temple as the Sage of Water... And you... You're searching for the princess, Zelda? Hah! You can't hide anything from me! Princess Zelda... She's alive. I can sense it...so don't be discouraged. I can tell that nothing will stop you in your quest for justice and peace... You must take this Medallion... Take it respectfully!
You received the Water Medallion! Ruto awakens as a Sage and adds her power to yours!
If you see Sheik, please give him my thanks, OK?
As the water rises, the evil is vanishing from the lake... Link, you did it!
Did Ruto want to thank me? I see.... We have to return peace to Hyrule for her sake, too. Don't we? Look at that, Link... Together, you and Princess Ruto destroyed the evil monster! Once again, the lake is filled with pure water. All is as it was here.
When water fills the lake, shoot for the morning light.
Get back, Link!
Looks like you're coming around... Link.... A terrible thing has happened! The evil shadow spirit has been released! Impa, the leader of Kakariko Village, had sealed the evil shadow spirit in the bottom of the well.... But the force of the evil spirit got so strong, the seal of the well broke, and it escaped into the world!! I believe Impa has gone to the Shadow Temple to seal it again, but...she will be in danger without any help! Link! Impa is one of the six Sages. Destroy the evil shadow spirit and save Impa! There is an entrance to the Shadow Temple beneath the graveyard behind this village. The only thing I can do for you is teach you the melody that will lead you to the Shadow Temple... This is the melody that will draw you into the infinite darkness that absorbs even time... Listen to this, the Nocturne of Shadow!!
Play the Nocturne of Shadow!
You have learned the Nocturne of Shadow! Sheik : Let me take care of the village! I'm counting on you, Link!
Wah hah hah hah hah hah! When times are tough, laughter is the best medicine! That's what my dad always said!
What?! You've got an ocarina!! What the heck! That reminds me of that time, seven years ago! Back then a mean kid came here and played a strange song. It messed up this windmill! I'll never forget this song!
You've learned the Song of Storms!
Oh, no! A storm again!! You played the Ocarina again, didn't you!! Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!
Go around, go around, go around... What? It's going way too fast!
Only one who has sacred feet can cross the valley of the dead.
Make my break face the skull of truth. The alternative is descent into the deep darkness.
The boy with the noble Zelda's Ocarina...As I expected, you have come. I am Impa, one of the Sheikah. I am Princess Zelda's caretaker, and I am also the Sage who guards the Shadow Temple. We Sheikah have served the royalty of Hyrule from generation to generation as attendants. However... On that day seven years ago, Ganondorf suddenly attacked...and Hyrule Castle surrendered after a short time. Ganondorf's target was one of the keys to the Sacred Realm...the hidden treasure of the Royal Family...The Ocarina of Time! My duty bound me to take Zelda out of Ganondorf's reach. When last I saw you, as we made our escape from the castle, you were just a lad... Now I see that you have become a fine hero... There's nothing to worry about... The Princess is safe now. Soon, you'll meet Princess Zelda face-to-face, and she will explain everything... That is when we, the Six Wise Ones, will seal up the Evil King and return peace to Hyrule. I have to stay here... You go to Princess Zelda's side and protect her on my behalf. Now I put my power, which should be helpful to you, into this Medallion!
You received the Shadow Medallion! Impa awakens as a Sage and adds her power to yours!
Please look out for the Princess!
The Gerudo's Fortress is located beyond this gate. A kid like you has no business there.
Why did you come all the way down here? What? You were just about to ask me the same thing? Well, now that you're down here, you may as well make the best of things!
I'm the wandering running man! I've run all over this land in search of competitors who have a true killer instinct! I came here to run through the Haunted Wasteland, but it doesn't look like good timing for that. Though I want to go back to Hyrule Field, the bridge is...well, you can see it from here. So I'm stuck here, inside this tent. I don't think I can accept your challenge right now. Heh heh!
Halt! Stay where you are!
Stupid Kid [sic]! Get in there and keep quiet!
Hey, you! Young man, over there! Look over here, inside the cell! I have no idea where you come from, but you must have a lot of guts to make it past all the guards around here! All of my fellow carpenters are imprisoned somewhere in here. If you can get us out of here, we'll repay the favor somehow! But be careful! There's sure to be Gerudo guards somewhere around here.... Woo! Watch out!
Don't take us so lightly!
Did you come here to save me? Oh, that's just swell! I'm <name> the carpenter. We were really interested in joining their all-female group, but they locked us up like this just because we're men! We don't care about the Gerudo anymore! They're so rude! Three of my fellows have also been captured, so please help them escape, too!
You're a cute kid! Thank you for coming to save me! I'm <name>, the carpenter. These women are so scary! I'd rather work as a carpenter. than join them! I can't wait to say good-bye to this place! Two of my buddies are still being held prisoner. Will you please get them out, too? 3rd Saved : Thanks, boy! You're fantastic! I'm <name>, the carpenter. Have you seen our boss, boy? He's probably worried about me! I have to get back to him immediately! One more of our workers is still a prisoner. Please save him! 4th Saved : I was afraid you were going to forget about me! Now I'm free! Thanks! I'm <name> the carpenter. For rescuing me, I'll tell you something interesting about the desert that I overheard the Gerudos talking about. They said, "In order to cross the Haunted Wasteland, you'll need the 'eye of truth.' The Colossus is on the far side of the wasteland..." OK, now I'm going back to my tent near Gerudo Valley, so, drop by sometime. You may find something helpful there! Byeee!
I've seen your fine work. To get past the guards here, you must have good thieving skills. I used to think that all men, besides the great Ganondorf, were useless...but now that I've seen you, I don't think so anymore! The exalted Nabooru, our leader, put me in charge of this fortress. Nabooru is the second-in-command to the great Ganondorf, King of the Gerudo Thieves. Her headquarters are in the Spirit Temple, which is at the end of the desert. Say, you must want to become one of us, eh? All right, then! You're in from now on! Take this. With it, you will have free access to all areas of the fortress.
You obtained the Gerudo's Membership Card! You can get into the Gerudo's training ground in their hideout.
From now on, you're free to come and go as you please through the gate to the desert. You'll find the Spirit Temple, where the exalted Nabooru lives, out there in the desert.
Hey, I heard you saved my men. When they returned, we built this bridge. Look at this! Isn't it a fine bridge? They may be wimpy carpenters, but once they all got together, they got the job done.
In Gerudo society, those who have great skill in horseback riding and archery are well respected. How about trying horseback archery at the Gerudo's Fortress? If you have a horse, a Gerudo from the fortress will set up your challenge. Sabooru : When Nabooru was a lone wolf thief, she never stole from the weak, but... Now, Nabooru's gang of thieves stands for cruelty and brutality. She claims to be a chivalrous robber, but...no way! Ichiro : The leader of the gang of thieves is Nabooru. She is experimenting in brainwashing many people at the ruins in the desert. Shiro : Building a bridge over the valley is a simple task for four carpenters.
Heh heh. You're already in the middle of something, aren't you. If you want to challenge me, you have to come here with a clear mind. No other distractions!
I'm the wandering running man! I've run all over this land in search of true competitve spirit. I beat all my challengers, man and beast. You're an athletic guy, and you look like you have have a true killer instinct, too. Now that the bridge over Gerudo Valley is complete, I'm looking for a challenger to have a commemorative race against. The best time to go from here to the bridge in the Lost Woods was 02"38". That's my record. Will you challenge my record?
Hey, newcomer!
Hey, newcomer! This is our horseback archery field. After a lot of hard practice and training, we finally have the skill to hit the bull's-eye while riding like the wind! When you finally learn how to ride a horse, you should come back and try it. It's a dangerous sport, but it's fun!
Hey newcomer, you have a fine horse! I don't know where you stole it from, but... OK, how about challenging this horseback archery? Once the horse starts galloping, shoot the targets with your arrows. Let's see how many points you can score. You get 20 arrows. If you can score 1,000 points, I will give you something good! Do you want to try for 20 Rupees?
Hey, rookie! You're looking good! Show me your skill again! You should set a new goal of 1,500 points and try again! Do you want to try for 20 Rupees?
This is the Gerudo's Training Ground. Membership card verified. One try for 10 Rupees!
You don't have enough Rupees! Come back again! All right. I'll take your 10 Rupees. Give it your best shot!
{01} If you can overcome the trials in the chambers ahead, then and only then will you be qualified to hold our secret treasure!
Defeat all the enemies in a limited time!
Gather the jewels of white, while avoiding traps and danger!
Without the necessary items, one will be confouded by impossible mysteries. One with silver hands shall move a giant block!
Blind the eyes of the statue!
Find a secret passage in this room!
Cross the sea of fire!
Collect the underwater gems!
If you desire to acquire our hidden treasure, you must strive to obtain the keys hidden in each chamber!
Hey, rookie! Are you going into the desert? I'll open this gate for you, but... You can't cross the desert unless you pass the two trials. The first trial is...the River of Sand! You can't walk across this river! After you cross it, follow the flags we placed there. The second trial is...the Phantom Guide! Those without eyes that can see the truth will only find themselves returning here. You are going anyway, aren't you? I won't stop you... Go ahead!
Well Come [sic]! I am selling stuff, strange and rare, from all over the world to everybody. Today's special is... A dangerous, running object! Terrifying! I won't tell you what it is until I see the money... How about 200 Rupees?
I'll be your guide on the way, but coming back, I won't play! I'll show you the only way to go, so follow me and don't be slow!
Past, present, future...
The Master Sword is a ship with which you can sail upstream and downstream through time's river... The port for that ship is in the Temple of Time... To restore the Desert Colossus and enter the Spirit Temple, you must travel back through time's flow... Listen to this Requiem of Spirit... This melody will lead a child back to the desert.
Play the Requiem of Spirit!
You have learned the Requiem of Spirit!
I haven't seen you around, kid... What do you want?
You're just a kid! The temple is no place for kids!
A Sage? I don't know anyone like that.
You have nothing to do? What good timing! Can you do me a favor, kid? Wait a second, I want to ask you first--you wouldn't happen to be one of Ganondorf's...followers...would you? -
Wha-ha-ha! Don't try to act cool, kid. I was just asking! A kid like you could never be one of Ganondorf's followers! Well, let's cut to the chase... -
Uh-huh! You've got guts. I think I like you.
First of all, let me introduce myself. I'm Nabooru of the Gerudos. I'm a lone wolf thief. But don't get me wrong! Though we're both thieves, I'm completely different from Ganondorf. With his followers, he stole from women and children, and he even killed people! A kid like you may not know this, but the Gerudo race consists only of women. Only one man is born every hundred years... Even though our laws say that lone male Gerudo must become King of the Gerudos, I'll never bow to such an evil man! By the way, what is your name, kid? Link?! What kind of name is that? Well...anyway... I want to ask you a favor... Will you go through this tiny hole and get a treasure that's inside? The treasure is the Silver Gauntlets. If you equip them, you can easily push and pull very heavy things! No, no, no, kid! Don't even think about taking this treasure for yourself! The Silver Gauntlets won't fit a little kid like you if you try to equip them! I want you to be a good boy and give them to me! Ganondorf and his minions are using the Spirit Temple as a hideout. Only the Silver Gauntlets will allow me to sneak deep into the temple. Once there, I'm going to steal all the treasure inside and mess up their plans! How about it? Will you do it?
Thanks, kid! You and I, let's give Ganondorf and his followers a big surprise, shall we? If you can successfully get the Silver Gauntlets... I'll do something great for you! -
Well, what did I expect? After all, you're just a kid!
Show me the light!
Hey, what's up, Link? Surprised to see me? A long time in this world is almost nothing to you, is it? How mysterious! Even I thought that the tales of a boy who could travel back and forth through time was [sic] merely a legend. Link, you have fully matured as an adult. From now on, the future of all the people in Hyrule is on your shoulders. Maybe it's not my time anymore. Here is my last advice. Two witches inhabit this temple. In order to destroy them, turn their own magic power against them. Hoo hoot! Do you want to hear what I said again?
I will continue to watch you... Hoo hoo hoo hoot!
You found the Silver Gauntlets! If you wore them, you would feel the power in your arms, the power to lift big things with {A}! But, these gauntlets won't fit a kid... Plus, you promised to give them to Nabooru. You should keep your word...
Hey! Where are you taking me?! Yeearggh! Let me go!!
You, you fiends! Ganondorf's minions! Link! Get out of here! Now! These witches! They're using black magic on me!
Ho ho ho! Looks like someone is here, Koume.
Hee hee hee! Looks like it, Kotake! Kotake : What an outrageous fellow he is, to intrude so boldly into our temple... Ho ho ho! Koume : We should teach this outrageous fellow a lesson! Hee hee hee! Oh, loyal minion... Destroy this intruder on our behalf!
Unnnh... Where am I...?
Well, well... Looks like she's back to normal... Koume...
She's just a little girl, but she commands a lot of respect among te Gerudo, Kotake... Kotake : Maybe we should make we work for the great Ganondorf for a little while longer! Ho ho ho! Koume : Then we should brainwash her again! Hee hee hee!
Look at that stupid kid! He came on his own to offer himself as a sacrifice to the great Ganondorf...
With my flame, I will burn him to the bone!
With my frost, I will freeze him to his soul!
OK, let's get serious now, Kotake! Kotake : Oh, OK, Koume. <both> : Kotake and Koume's Double Dynamite Attack!
Shoot, what a fresh kid! This time, we'll get serious, right Kotake?
What? Hey, Koume, what is that above your head?
I don't know, but you have one over your head too, Kotake!
But I'm only 400 years old!
And I'm just 380 years old! Koume : We're twins! Don't try to lie about your age! Kotake : You must have gone senile! Koume : Who are you calling senile?! Is that how you treat your older sister? Kotake : We are twins! How can you be older! Koume : Keeeyaaah!! How heartless you are! Kotake : How can you be so ungrateful? Koume : You're heartless!! Kotake : You ungrateful...
I'll come back to haunt you!
Kid, let me thank you. Heheheh...look what the little kid has become in the past seven years--a competent swordsman! By the way... I really messed up... I was brainwashed by those old witches and used by Ganondorf to do his evil will... But isn't it funny? That a person like me could turn out to be the Sage of Spirit! And now, I'm going to fight them as one of the six Sages! Heh heh... I'm going to pay them back for what they did to me! Kid... No... Link, the Hero of Time! Instead of keeping the promise I made back then, I give you this Medallion! Take it!
You received the Spirit Medallion! Nabooru awakens as a Sage and adds her power to yours!
: If only I knew you would become such a handsome man... I should have kept the promise I made back then...
Link, the hero! Finally, all of us, the six Sages, have been awakened! The time for the final showdown with the King of Evil has come! Before that, though, you should meet the one who is waiting for you... The one who is waiting for you at the Temple of Time....
I have been waiting for you, Link. Link, the Hero of Time... You have overcome many hardships and awakened six Sages. And now, you have a final challenge, a showdown with Ganondorf, the King of Evil.... Before that...I have things I want to tell only to you. Please listen. Another unknown legend of the Triforce passed down by the shadow folk, the Sheikahs.... If you would seek the sacred triangle, listen well... The resting place of the sacred triangle, the Sacred Realm, is a mirror that reflects what is in the heart...the heart of one who enters it... If an evil heart, the Realm will become full of evil; if pure, the Realm will become a paradise. The Triforce...the sacred triangle...it is a balance that weighs the three forces: Power, Wisdom and Courage. If the heart of the one who holds the sacred triangle has all three forces in balance, that one will gain the True Force to govern all. But, if that one's heart is not in balance, the Triforce will separate into three parts: Power, Wisdom and Courage. Only one part will remain for the one who touched the Triforce... the part representing the force that one most believes in. If that one seeks the True Force, that one must acquire the two lost parts. Those two parts will be held within others chosen by destiny, who will bear the Triforce mark on the backs of their hands. Seven years ago, Ganondorf, the King of Thieves, used the door you opened in the Temple of Time and entered the Sacred Realm. But when he laid his hands on the Triforce, the legend came true. The Triforce separated into three parts. Only the Triforce of Power remained in Ganondorf's hand. The strength of the Triforce of Power enabled him to become a mighty, evil king, but his dark ambitions were not satisfied. To gain complete mastery of the world, Ganondorf started looking for those chosen by destiny to hold the two other Triforce parts. The one who holds the Triforce of Courage is... You, Link! And the other, who holds the Triforce of Wisdom...is the seventh Sage, who is destined to be the leader of them all...
It is I, the Princess of Hyrule, Zelda. I apologize for meeting you in disguise, but it was necessary to hide from the King of Evil. Please forgive me... On that day, seven years ago, Ganondorf attacked Hyrule Castle. I saw you as I was escaping from the castle with my attendant, Impa. I thought I should entrust the Ocarina to you... I thought that would be our best chance... As long as you had the Ocarina in your possession, I thought Ganondorf could never enter the Sacred Realm, but...something I could never expect happened... After you opened the door of time, the Master Sword sealed you away in the Sacred Realm... Your spirit remained in the Sacred Realm... and then the Triforce fell into Ganondorf's hands. he went on to invade the Sacred Realm... Ganondorf had become the Evil King, and the Sacred Realm became a world of evil. All of this is an unfortunate coincidence. I passed myself off as a Sheikah and hoped that you would return. I waited for seven years... And...now you are back. The dark age ruled by Ganondorf the Evil King will end! The six Sages will open the sealed door and lure Ganondorf back into the Sacred Realm. I will then seal the door to the Sacred Realm from this world. Thus, Ganondorf the Evil King will vanish from Hyrule. Link... In order to do this, I need your courage again. Please protect me while I do my part. And here is a weapon that can penetrate the Evil King's defenses... The power given to the chosen ones... The sacred Arrow of Light!!!
You got the Light Arrow! Set it to {C} and your arrows will be powered up! The light of justice will smite evil!
That rumbling...It can't be!?
Princess Zelda...you foolish traitor! I commend you for avoiding my pursuit for seven long years. But you let your guard down... I knew you would appear if I let this kid wander around! My only mistake was to slightly underestimate the power of this kid...
No... It was not the kid's power I misjudged, it was the power of the Triforce of Courage! But, with the Triforce of Wisdom that Zelda has... When I obtain these two Triforces... Then, I will become the true ruler of the world!! If you want to rescue Zelda, come to my castle!
Link...can you hear me? It's Rauru, the Sage. We six will gather our power to create a bridge to the castle where Ganondorf dwells... The castle's keep, which is known as Ganon's Tower, is protected by six evil barriers. Bring down the six barriers and save Princess Zelda!!
The Light Barrier is dispelled! Hurry!
The Forest Barrier is dispelled! Hurry up, Link! Darunia : The Fire Barrier is dispelled! Hurry up, Brother! Ruto : The Water Barrier is dispelled! Hurry up! Impa : The Shadow Barrier is dispelled! Please save the Princess! Nabooru : The Spirit Barrier is dispelled! Hurry up, kid!
The Triforce parts are resonating... They are combining into one again... The two Triforce parts that I could not capture on that day seven years ago... I didn't expect they would be hidden within you two! And now, finally, all the Triforce parts have gathered here! These toys are too much for you! I command you to return them to me!
Link! I can't help you! Because of the waves of darkness, I can't get close! I'm sorry, Link!
The Great Evil King Ganondorf...beaten by this kid?!
Link....!
Ganondorf...pitiful man... Without a strong, righteous mind, he could not control the power of the gods...and...
Link, listen to me! This tower will collapse soon! With his last breath, Ganondorf is trying to crush us in the ruins of the tower! We need to hurry and escape! Please follow me!
Thank you, Link. Now, let's hurry!
It's over...it's finally over...
Link... I'm sorry I couldn't help you in the battle before!
What is that sound?
There's no way he's going to hold me back again! This time, we fight together!
Link! The Master Sword is here! Hurry up!! Use the Master Sword! Destroy Ganon with the sacred sword!
I'm using my power to hold the Evil King! You use your sword and deliver the final blow!
Use the Master Sword! Destroy Ganon with the sacred sword!
Six Sages... Now!!
Ancient Creators of Hyrule! Now, open the sealed door and send the Evil Incarnation of Darkness into the void of the Evil Realm!!
YOU... CURSE YOU...ZELDA! CURSE YOU...SAGES!! CURSE YOU...LINK! Someday... When this seal is broken... That is when I will exterminate your descendants!! As long as the Triforce of Power is in my hand...
Thank you, Link... Thanks to you, Ganondorf has been sealed inside the Evil Realm! Thus, peace will once again reign in this world... for a time. All the tragedy that has befallen Hyrule was my doing... I was so young...I could not comprehend the consequences of trying to control the Sacred Realm. I dragged you into it, too. Now it is time for me to make up for my mistakes... You must lay the Master Sword to rest and close the Door of Time... However, by doing this, the road between times will be closed... Link, give the Ocarina to me... As a Sage, I can return you to your original time with it. When peace returns to Hyrule... It will be time for us to say good-bye... Now, go home, Link! Regain your lost time! Home... Where you are supposed to be...the way you are supposed to be...
Thank you... Link... Good-bye....
The Great Deku Tree has summoned you! Please come with me!
C'mon! Be brave! Let's go into the Great Deku Tree!
The Great Deku Tree wanted us to go visit the princess at Hyrule Castle... Shouldn't we get going?
The girl from the ranch asked us to find her father...I wonder where he is?
I wonder where we'll find the princess in this big old castle?
What would Saria say if we told her we're going to save Hyrule?
Impa said that the Spiritual Stone of Fire is somewhere on Death Mountain.
Let's go inside the Dodongo's Cavern using a Bomb Flower!
Darunia said that a fairy lives on top of Death Mountain, didn't he?
I wonder if Saria knows anything about the other Spiritual Stone?
It seems Princess Ruto somehow got inside Jabu-Jabu's belly...
You collected three Spiritual Stones! Let's go back to Hyrule Castle!
Those people on the white horse...they were Zelda and Impa, weren't they? It looked like they threw something into the moat!
Let's go check inside the Temple of Time.
Link... Try to keep moving!!
Should we believe what Sheik said and go to Kakariko Village?
I wonder what's going on in the forest right now... I'm worried about Saria, too!
That cloud over Death Mountain...there is something strange about it...
An arctic wind is blowing from Zora's River...do you feel it?
Those Iron Boots look like they weight a ton! If you wear those boots, you may be able to walk at the bottom of a lake.
Let's look for someone who might know something about the other Sages!
Have you ever played the Nocturne of Shadow that Sheik taught you?
The desert...that is where Ganondorf the Evil King was born. If we go there, we might find something...
The one who is waiting for us at the Temple of Time...it could be...
We have to save Princess Zelda from her imprisonment in Ganon's Castle!
You need a key to open a door that is locked and chained.
Hey... Isn't that the same design that's on the Door of Time?
Strong iron bars are blocking the door. You can't open them with your hands!
You need a special key to open this door.
There's a treasure chest here.
It looks like that torch was burning not too long ago...
Watch for the shadows of monsters that hang from the ceiling.
Look, look, Link! You can see down below this web using {C Up}!
Look at this wall! The vines growing on it give it a rough surface... Maybe you can climb it, Link!
You can open a door by standing in front of it and pressing {A}. Pay attention to what the Action Icon says. That's the blue icon at the top of the screen!
Look! Something is hanging up there! It looks like an old ladder!
After you get into the water, if you hold down {A}. you can dive! I bet there are some interesting things underwater!
Stand next to this block and grab hold of it with {A}. While holding {A}, you can push or pull it. If you stand next to the block and press {A} while pressing {Control Stick} towards the block, you can climb on top of it. Pay attention to what the Action Icon says!
It looks like there are many lava pits around here, so watch your step!
Wow! Look at all those Bomb Flowers! Is there any way you can set them off all at once?
You never know what will be around the corner in these narrow paths... Use {Z} Targeting to always look in the proper direction. This is a useful technique, isn't it?
With that switch on, the moving platform goes higher. Now you can quickly reach the second floor!
Something strange is covering the entrance. You must solve the puzzle in this room to make the entrance open.
Watch out, Link! Electricity is running through this <red/blue/green> slimy thing!
This switch... It doesn't look like you can press it down with your weight alone. Link...
The red slimy thing is gone! That must be because you cut the red tail! Will that work with the other ones too?
There's a switch beyond this wall!
From here on, we'll be going through some narrow passages! If you take it slow, maybe you can sneak up on some enemies. Use {Z} Targeting to always look in the proper direction. Set your view so you can see down the next corridor before you turn a corner. Once your view is set, hold down {Z} to sidestep around the corner. That way you won't be surprised by an enemy waiting in ambush.
There are arrows painted on the floor!
The fires on the torches are gone. Seems like the ghosts took them away!
This corridor is all twisted!
This...this is the same torch we saw at the entrance to the temple, isn't it?
This torch is lit...that means...
Look, Link! A torch is lit! That's because you beat a ghost, isn't it?!
Link, watch out! The ceiling is falling down!
This switch is frozen!
Link, I hear Goron voices down below.
This switch looks rusted.
You can see down from here... Isn't that the room where we saw Darunia?
This blue fire...it doesn't seem natural. Maybe you can use it for something?
Link! Be careful! Don't get swallowed by the vortexes!
I can hear the spirits whispering in this room... "Look for the eye of truth..." That's what they are saying!
This wall...it says something here... "Danger below..." That's what it says.
This wall...it says something here... "Danger above..." That's what it says.
The water flowing out of this statue is flooding the entire floor.
Here...I can hear the spirits whispering in this room... "Those who have sacred feet should let the wind guide them. Then, they will be led to the secret path." That's what they are saying!
This wall...it's saying something! It says: If you want to see a ferry to the other world, come here...
Link! This ship is sinking! Abandon ship! Get onto a safe platform!
This is not the correct key... The door won't open!
You want to talk to Saria, right?
Do you want to talk to Saria again?
Really? Then do you want to talk to me?
Link...? This is Saria. Can you hear me?
I don't mind talking to you using the Ocarina's magic, but I'd really like to talk to you face-to-face!
The forest is connected to many places! If you can hear my song, you must be somewhere that is connected to the forest!
I was so happy to hear that Mr. Darunia loved my song so much! I was even happier to find out that it helped you on your quest, Link! Tee hee hee!
Are you collecting Spiritual Stones? You have one more to find? You mean the Spiritual Stone of Water, don't you? The Great Deku Tree once told me that Kind Zora, ruler of Zora's Domain, has it...
Link... I don't know what it is... I have this feeling of dread... The Castle... Yes, something bad is happening at the Castle!
What? Your ocarina sounds...different somehow... Have you been practicing a lot, Link?
Great! You're safe! I knew I would hear from you again! I'm in the Forest Temple! The forest spirits were calling for help, so I went to check it out... But it's full of evil monsters! Help me, Link!
Link... At first, I didn't want to become the Sage of the Forest.... But I'm glad now. Because I am helping you to save Hyrule, Link! Yes, I am!
Hiyeee! Welcome to the Happy Mask Shop! We deal in masks that bring happiness to everyone! How would you like to be a happiness salesman? I'll lend you a mask. You sell the mask and bring the money back here. If you want to read the fine print, take a look at the sign right over there. After you've sold all the masks, you will become happy yourself! Have faith...
Do you want to borrow the Keaton Mask?
Oh! You haven't sold the newest mask yet. Just have faith... Keep trying a little longer.
Wha-ha-ha-hah! Do you think you're in disguise, Mr. Hero? Oh? Is that a "Kee...something..." character mask? I heard he's very popular recently? He's my boy's favorite. That "Kee... something..." mask... If you don't mind... Will you sell it to me?
You sold the 10-Rupee mask for 15 Rupees. You earned a little profit. Let's go to the Mask Shop and pay back the mask price of 10 Rupees.
Oh, great! You sold it! Please pay back 10 Rupees for the Keaton Mask now.
Oh! You haven't sold the newest mask yet. Just have faith... Keep trying a little longer. Or, do you want to trade it for another mask?
Hee he! Under that mask...aren't you that Kokiri kid? Quite an unusual mask you have there. Hee hee! I like it! It may make me look a little bit tougher. Hey, why don't you give it to me?
Yowza! I'm gonna wear this all the time!
Doh! That's too bad for me...
He just gave you 10 Rupees for this 20-Rupee mask! You lost money on that deal! Go back to the Mask Shop and pay 20 Rupees for the mask. The difference will have to come out of your own pocket.
My buddies really want this mask! Hee hee hee!
Gyaah! It's Dampé the gravekeeper! ??? Oh, it's just a mask... I get a different kind of fright from that mask than I get from Dampé... Will you give that mask to me?
be just like Dampé! Here's my money!
I really do have some money, you know.
You sold the 30-Rupee mask to a kid for full price?! And he didn't mind paying at all! Let's go back to the mask shop to pay 30 Rupees for the mask. You can get the new mask model, too.
I'm gonna dig and dig! Just like Dampé!!
In old times, I heard there were many wild rabbits in the land of Hyrule. Not anymore, though, because of excessive hunting. I want to become a rabbit... Listen to the wind with those ears, hop across the ground with those legs... Even if I can only pretend.
I bet with those long ears you can hear the voices... Oh, these are genuine rabbit ears from the animal of legend! I don't care how expensive it is! Please sell it to me!
It's a 50-Rupee mask, but he paid you a crazy amount of money for it--more money than you can count! Go back to the Mask Shop and pay back just 50 Rupees of this money.
I bet nobody is faster than I am now! But, I don't know if I should be happy or sad...
Oh, great! You sold it! Please pay back 50 Rupees for the Bunny Hood now. Oh yeah! Very well done! All the masks are sold out. I knew I could trust you! As a reward... I will lend you this special mask. This is the Mask of Truth. It is a mysterious mask passed down by the Sheikah. With this mask, you can see into other people's minds... It's useful, but scary! Why is it scary? You may find out as you grow older and discover the true meaning of life... Ho ho ho!
You borrowed a Mask of Truth. Wear it with {C} to show it off! Show it to many people!
From now on you can borrow any mask you want. Just have faith...
Welcome! Which mask can I lend to you?
Responding to your mask, this strange statue talks to you... I overheard this...
They say that the small holes in the ground that you can find all over Hyrule make perfect breeding ground for bugs.
They say that the Kokiri are always followed by small fairies.
They say that one Kokiri has left the forest, but he is still alive!
They say that when non-fairy folk enter the Lost Woods, they become monsters!
They say that the owl named Kaepora Gaebora is the reincarnation of an ancient Sage.
They say that strange owl, Kaepora Gaebora, may look big and heavy, but its character is rather lighthearted.
They say that it's possible to find a total of 100 Gold Skulltulas throughout Hyrule.
They say that there is a switch that you can activate only by using the Spin Attack.
They say that Gerudos sometimes come to Hyrule Castle Town to look for boyfriends.
They say that it is against the rules to use glasses at the Treasure Chest Shop in Hyrule Castle Town Market.
They say that Malon of Lon Lon Ranch hopes a knight in shining armor will come and sweep her off her feet someday.
They say that Malon set the original record in the obstacle course of Lon Lon Ranch.
They say that if you get close to a butterfly while holding a Deku Stick in your hands, something good will happen.
They say that, contrary to her elegant image, Princess Zelda of Hyrule Castle is, in fact, a tomboy!
They say that you may find something new in dungeons that you have already finished.
They say that there is a secret near a tree in Kakariko Village.
They say that Biggoron's Sword is super sharp and will never break.
They say that there is a secret around the entrance to Gerudo Valley.
They say that Ganondorf is not satisfied with ruling only the Gerudo and aims to conquer all of Hyrule!
They say that Medigoron didn't really think about his own size, so his store is really cramped.
They say that Gerudos worship Ganondorf almost like a god.
They say that there is a man who can always be found running around in Hyrule Field.
They say that Princess Zelda's nanny is actually one of the Sheikah, who many thought had died out.
They say that players who select the "HOLD" option for "Z TARGETING" are the real "Zelda players!"
They say that there is a secret near the lone tree which is not far from the river in the northwest part of Hyrule Field.
They say that you can swim faster by continuously pressing {B}.
They say that there is a secret on the road that leads to Lake Hylia.
They say that the Chicken Lady goes to the Lakeside Laboratory to study how to breed pocket-sized Cuccos.
They say that Ruto, the Zora Princess who is known for her selfish nature, likes a certain boy...
They say that the thief named Nabooru, who haunts this area, is a Gerudo.
They say that the treasure you can earn in the Gerudo's Training Ground is not as great as you would expect, given its difficulty!
They say that the horse Ganondorf rides is a solid black Gerudo stallion.
{Firestorm808 (talk)} What? You came back! I can tell who you are, even with that mask on!
I see... You're going to scare Mido with that mask, aren't you?!
Hah hah hah! What a funny face! I bet Saria would think it's pretty funny, too!
Tee hee! Where did you get that? Outside the forest? No way! I don't believe it!
What a weird face! Speaking of weird faces, one of the forest kids was complaining about his face...
What an enormous head you have!
That's so cool! Uh...don't tell Mido I said that!
Whooooah! Are you some kind of forest ghost?
Waaaah! I-I'm gonna tell Mido about this!
Yeeeeah! I-I'm gonna tell Mido to beat you up!
Hee hee! Kind of funny, but it's not really my style...
Right on! Wearing this mask makes me feel really tough and scary! Hee hee!
Hee hee! I don't need a new one... I like the one I have, thanks!
Hee hee! There sure are a lot of different people in the world!
{KBG} That makes me feel...happy...
Hey! That looks familiar... I think I saw something like it in the Lost Woods, no?
Oh...uh...sniff... That mask... It makes me feel...sad...
Hey, cool mask...but a little scary, don't you think?
{Firestorm808 (talk)} * - Nothing.
All of the young Deku Scrub brothers agree...you look exactly like our sacred forest totem! As an offering from us, please accept these Deku Sticks. We will also enhance your carrying skills! Abracadabra! Alakazaaaam!
* - Causes rupees to appear by the Deku Scrubs.
All my young Deku Scrub brothers say... You have a horrible face! But don't worry! We will reward you with many Deku Nuts. Of course, we will also enable you to carry more of them! Abracadabra... Alakazaaaam!!
{Firestorm808 (talk)} Oh, that's the mask everyone is talking about! Looks kind of strange...
Hmm, well, I don't really know what to say about that one...
A mask... When I was a little kid, I also wore masks around... What? You say you can't imagine me doing that?
Sorry, I'm busy right now.
Oh! A rabbit! Speaking of rabbits, I saw a strange man chasing rabbits around...
Well...I can't think of anything funny to say...sorry, kid!
AAAAAAAAAAAH! A GERUDO!!!! Wha-? A mask? Why do you have a mask like that?!
Awww... That's so cute! Could you tell me where you found it?
Yeeeah! Help me!
Uh...yeah? So what?
What? Have we met before?
Uh-oh! I'm sorry, mom! Oh...hey, it's you! Don't scare me like that!
Oh, don't do that! I'm shy...
What a big head you have!
Is there a mask competition going on? I'm going to vote for you!
Wow...how nostalgic! That reminds me of when I was a little kid.
Oh no! You're scary! Don't come any closer!
That's kind of funny...it makes me laugh! Hee hee!
Oooh...is that a Zora? Those cool eyes are really fascinating...
Hmm...well...don't you have any other masks?
I hate foxes!
How irritating!
YEEEAH! What's your problem?!
Hey, you look good!
Hey kid! can't you see we're busy?! Leave us alone!
Hee hee. Don't pay any attention to that kid, my dear... Just pretend we're in our own, private little world...
Oh, please! Go bother someone else!
I'm sorry, I don't even want to look at any other woman!
Oooh, what a pretty lady! But you're kind of short, aren't you?
Oh wow! It's Keaton! Hi, Keaton!
What a strange mask! Hee hah haa!
How spooky! There's a boy in Kakariko Village who was looking for a mask like that!
Is there a mask competition going on? I'm going to vote for you?
A mask... When i was a little kid, I also wore masks around... What? You say you can't imagine me doing that?
Hey, kid, don't grow up to be like me...
Ohhhh...I see... It's an illusion.
Hrrrrm... I don't know what to say.
WHOA! My heart...started to beat so fast!
That's an unpleasant mask... Good-bye.
You shouldn't be so picky about what you eat! Do you eat all your green rocks? If you don't, you won't grow up big and strong!
Please quit playing around and dispel our curse!
If I wore something like that...I'd be a real Skulltula... AAAAAAAAAAH!
Please understand if I don't laugh... It's hard to be happy in this condition... Being cursed and all...
Hyaaaaah! That's scary! I know I'm scary, but...man! That's really scary!
EEEEEAAAAH! Whoops, I shouldn't scream like that or the boss will yell at me!
Oh, that's not you, boss?
Gerudos are beautiful and brave...They are just so fascinating!
Someday, when I have more skill, I'll carve a mask like that one!
Wa-ha-hah! How's business, Mr. Hero? Hah hah hah!
What? If you want something, just make it clear!
Hrrrrm! Get out of my face! You good for nothin'...
Hey, you have some good, quality wood there, kid!
I'm busy! Get out of my way, you bum!
I really am a good man. Don't you believe me?
I'm not afraid of any forest monsters! Are you trying to make fun of me?
WHAAAA--! I thought you were that old hag! Don't scare me like that!
I remember my father talking about a swordsmith...but that doesn't really matter to me anyway.
Oh, sorry boss! I didn't mean to slack off! I'll get busy! Oh, that's not you, boss?
Oh wow! Cute! But Cuccos are much cuter!
I'm sorry, I'm not really interested in that.
The little kid playing in the graveyard was saying something about his face...
Eh, what? Are you sad? Happy? I can't really tell...
You idiot! When you talk to someone, you should take off your mask!
You idiot! When you talk to someone, you shouldn't stare!
You idiot! I don't know why I'm calling you that, but... you are one!
You idiot! When you talk to someone, you should make eye contact!
I don't care about any foxes!
That's irritating! It bothers my eyes!
That looks quite handsome!
Waaaaaaah! What is wrong with you? Do you have a bad attitude?
Where did you get that? What? It's a mask?
A mask is just like a musical instrument--it reflects the character of its owner. I like your originality, kid!
What a big head! How'd you fit through that door?!
Uh, leave me alone... Can't you see I'm in a groove right now?
Hey! It's a Keaton Mask!! I asked my daddy to get me one, too!
That's not very different from Mr. Dampé, is it?
That doesn't look anything like Mr. Dampé, huh?
What is that? It's something that hops around in a field... I forgot what those things are called...
Huh?! Wha--! Oh, it's just a kid. Don't scare me like that! I may not look like it, but I'm a very sensitive guy!
I'm on duty now... If you want me to dig, don't bother me.
Do you know what kind of mask you're wearing...? And you're still wearing it?
Well, will you lookit the noggin on this kid! It's HUGE! Mine is huge too, though...
{K } Are you trying to make me laugh? Well, that's not that funny...
You're making me mad!
Leave me alone!
I hate Gerudos!!
{KGT} Chomp chomp chomp... OK, OK, a mask. Do you want to buy some beans?
Chomp chomp chomp... Nope, it's not my style.
Chomp chomp chomp... Nope, I don't want to buy it.
Chomp chomp chomp... Well...no, I don't think I want it.
You don't look like you can swim very well...
Yeah, right. You look a little small for a Zora...
Red hair...tan skin... I've seen people like that before...
{KSg} You're a funny guy!
Your head--it's gigantic!
Don't do that... It's embarrassing me!
All right You actually decided to become a Zora! Are you actually ready to marry me now?
Ho ho ho! You Hylians...you are such silly creatures!
That face...it gives me the chills...
Talk about a nostalgia trip! That reminds me of my childhood friend, Biggoron!
I don't think that's funny at all. Are you mocking me?
{KBG} Wah hah hah! Do you think you're in disguise? How funny!
Quit pestering me! Go away!
Out of my way! Get out of here! You're asking for it, aren't you?
Hey, kid, you've got guts coming around here wearing that! Still, you can't fool us that easily!
I bred a new type of miniature Cucco! I call it the Pocket Cucco! I don't get goose bumps from this baby. Cuccos are very good at getting lazy, late-risers out of bed. Haven't you heard of them before? It makes them very happy to crow: CUCCKOOOO! especially when it wakes up a very heavy sleeper! However, my Cucco is not entirely happy right now... You..., [sic] You look like you're good at handling Cuccos. Here, take this egg. After the Cucco hatches, bring it back to me after a while, and I'll check out its mood. What do you think? Will you try?
You borrowed a Pocket Egg! A Pocket Cucco will hatch from it overnight. Be sure to give it back when you are done with it.
Please make my Cucco happy! OK? -
Oh, too bad...were you pecked by a Cucco when you were little?
What in tarnation? Can't a person get a little shut-eye around here? Ingo took over Lon Lon Ranch and they call it Ingo Ranch nowadays. I was kicked out of there, and look at me now! My girl, Malon, still works at the ranch... I'm worried about her...
Did you save Malon? Thanks! I'm goin' back to the ranch, then! Yeehah!
That bearded guy went back to the ranch. He looked so happy!
That lazy man, he kind of reminded me of my little Richard... What's that? You say you've never heard of my little Richard? He was such a famous puppy! You seriously haven't heard of him? [KA-008] : Oh, your Cucco looks pretty happy! He must have awakened an extremely lazy guy! You're a good Cucco Keeper! I'll give you a rare, valuable Cucco, if you're interested... Its name is Cojiro, and it used to be my brother's Cucco. Its blue body is quite charming. It's so cute! Since my brother has gone, it's strange, but Cojiro has stopped crowing. Do you want to keep Cojiro?
You returned the Pocket Cucco and got Cojiro in return! Unlike other Cuccos, Cojiro rarely crows.
My brother must have been very lonely... -
It looks as if you really like that other Cucco. OK, you can keep it for a while.
?? No response. He's sleeping.
Cojiro? Why? Normally only a nice guy like me can tame you... Which means... You... You must be a nice guy! Must be! You must be!! Please Mr. Nice Guy! Please! Deliver this stuff to the old hag in the potion shop in Kakariko Village! This will disappear if you take too long, so you gotta hurry!
You got an Odd Mushroom! A fresh mushroom like this is sure to spoil quickly! Take it to the Kakariko Potion Shop, quickly!
Hurry up, nice guy! Before it disappears, deliver it to that old wench....
Oh, yeah. That's it! You aren't a nice guy after all!! Get away from me!
Oh, no! Time's up! The thing you were going to deliver has spoiled! Let's try again!
Sniff sniff sniff... What a mysterious smell... You must have something! That bum! He had to go into the forest... ....I see. Hey, give it to me now!
If you see that fool, give this to him. It is the strongest medicine I have ever produced. However, this potion will not work on a monster...
You received an Odd Potion! You don't know what's going on between this lady and that guy, but take it to the Lost Woods!
They say that there is no medicine that can cure a fool... I guess that's true... -
How sad... I just need a little...
Ultimate potion! How about 100 Rupees?
You don't have enough Rupees! Hee hee hee! I'm sorry...I can't sell this to you unless you have a bottle to put it in.
If you change your mind, come back and visit me... Hee hee hee!
That guy isn't here anymore. Anybody who comes into the forest will be lost. Everybody will become a Stalfos. Everybody, Stalfos. So, he's not here anymore.
Only is saw is left. Hee hee. That medicine is made of forest mushrooms. Give it back!
You returned the Odd Potion and got the Poacher's Saw! The young punk guy must have left this behind.
Heh heh heh. Are you going to be... too? Heh heh! -
Hey, that saw! It's mine! But... I thought I left that saw with my old lady... Oh well... My Biggoron tool broke, so I was going to Goron city to get it repaired. Your coming here is great timing. Will you give me my saw?
Good kid! Thanks! I'm sorry that I can't give you something as good in return, but...take this anyway!
You traded the Poacher's Saw for a Broken Goron's Sword! Visit Biggoron to get it repaired! -
What?! You're a dirty, rotten thief!
That broken knife is surely my worrrrrrrrrrk... I really want to repairrrrr it, but... But because of yesterrrrrday's errrrruption, my eyes are irrrrrrrritated... There are fine eyedrops in Zora's Domain... You will find them if you go to see Kinnnnnng Zorrrrrra... Please go get the eyedrrrrrrops...
You checked in the Broken Goron's Sword and received a Prescription! Go see King Zora!
I've been waiting forrrrr you, with tearrrrrrs in my eyes... Please say hello to Kinnng Zorrra! -
Awww nooooo... I'm finished... My eyes arrrrrre so itchy... Owwwwww...
Ooh... This is... well... hmmm... Hmmm... Eye drops... You might say we have them, you might say we don't... We do have the ingredients. If you take the ingredients to the doctor at the lake laboratory, he can make the drops for you. But you need to deliver them fresh... Can you make it before they spoil?
You used the Prescription and received an Eyeball Frog! Be quick and deliver it to Lake Hylia while it's cold! -
Then you think they'll spoil before you can get there? It's not that far if you make the connection on horseback...
Oh, wow! I haven't seen an Eyeball Frog like this since Zora's Domain froze over! These eyeballs are so delicious! Tonight I will cook fried eyeballs for the first time in a long time! Uhoy hoy hoo houy hoy! Such great stuff! Please say thank you to King Zora! Eh? What? These are for making Biggoron's Eye Drops? Oh, how disappointing! You should have said so in the first place! Here it is. This medicine doesn't have any preservatives in it. So it won't last long at this temperature. Run as fast as you can to Death Mountain. You're young--you can do it!
You traded the Eyeball Frog for the World's Finest Eye Drops! Hurry! Take them to Biggoron before they go bad!
When you come back next time, don't forget to bring me a souvenir!
Rrrrreally? You brrrrought the eye drops? I'm so rrrrrelieved! I'm going to use them rrrrrright now! Wowwwwwwwwwwwwww!! This is stimulating! It's worrrrrking grrrrreat! Now I can get back to my blade business! My worrrrrk is not verrry consistent, so I'll give this to you so you won't forrrrget. Afterrrr a few days... Please returrrrrrn... Wait, just wait patiently...
The Biggoron's Sword... You got a Claim Check for it! You can't wait for the sword to be completed!
Not yet... Hey you... You arrrre impatient...
I maaaade thissss... Trrrrade for claimmm checkkk...
That sworrrrd is my finest worrrrk!
You handed in the Claim Check and got the Biggoron's Sword! This blade was forged by a master smith and won't break!
I giiiive thissss to yoooou forrr a souvenirrrrr.
When you charge power for a Spin Attack, Magic Power will be consumed. Pay attention to your green Magic Meter! Hey, boy! You're a messenger of the Royal Family, aren't you? Next time you're in their neighborhood, you should drop in on a friend of mine who lives by Hyrule Castle. She'll surely grant you another new power! When battle has made you weary, please come back to see me.
Welcome Link! I am the Great Fairy of Magic! I will give you a magic spell. Please take it.
{1} You can use Din's Dire not only to attack but also to burn things! {2} Remember, you can use Farore's Wind only in dungeons that have a dungeon map hidden inside, OK? {3} Nayru's Love is in effect for only a limited time, so use it carefully. When battle has made you weary, please come back to see me.
Welcome Link! I am the Great Fairy of Wisdom! I'm going to enhance your magic power. Receive it now! Your magic power has been enhanced! Now you have twice as much Magic Power! When battle has made you weary, please come back to see me.
Welcome Link! I am the Great Fairy of Courage! I'm going to enhance your defensive power. Receive it now!
Welcome Link! I will soothe your wounds. When you are weary of battle, please come back to visit me!
{1} I surrender! To make your quest easier, I can enable you to pick up more Deku Sticks! But, it'll cost you 40 Rupees!
I surrender! In return, I will sell you Deku Nuts! 5 pieces 20 Rupees they are!
All right! You win! In return, I will sell you Deku Sticks! 1 piece 15 Rupees they are!
I give up! If you let me go, I will sell you a Deku Shield! It's 50 Rupees!
All right! You win! In return, I will sell you Deku Seeds! 30 pieces 40 Rupees they are!
I quit! If you let me go, I'll sell you some Bombs! 5 pieces 40 Rupees they are!
Knock it off! Leave me alone, and I will sell you Arrows! 30 pieces 70 Rupees they are!
All right! You win! If you spare me, I will sell you a Red Potion for 40 Rupees! Let's make a deal!
Not enough Rupees! Come back again!
Thank you very much!
You can't have this now! Come back again!
YIKES! I'm going home then!
Later that evening Ilia courts Epona indolently to the springs
running to Link's house
If Link tries to leave for Ordon Village
Link joins Ilia at the springs
Link plucks a reed from the ground and blows into it
Link returns to Ordon with Epona
Link herds the confluence of goats into the barn
Link tries to ride Epona
If Link misses
If Link misses again
If Link overpowers the goat
Link tries to enter the Mayor's house
stung by a squadron of bees
if you break the bee hive with the hawk
If Link destroys a pumpkin patch
Link calls a hawk and rescues the cradle
If you didn't talk to her before
Link carries the cradle to the house
Link receives the fishing rod
Link catches a Greengill with the fishing rod
The cat runs back to Sera's house
If you didn't talk to her before
Link tries to leave
Link hits the target
Link destroys all of the targets
If you already have the sword
If you don't have the sword
Link enters his house and returns with the sword
Link tries to leave
If you do the wrong move
If Link does the wrong move
Link stabs the scarecrow
If Link does the wrong move
Link does the spin attack
If Link does the wrong move
Link performs the jump attack
A monkey appears from the woods
Talo, Malo, and Beth chase it
Link finds both Beth and Malo by the springs
At the other end of a snaking cavern Link meets a man named Coro
Coro offers Link a lantern
Link sets the logs ablaze
If you go back to Ordon
At the foot of the Forest Temple Link finds Talo with his captors
Link destroys the cage and takes Talo back to the village
Speak to Fado during the goat herding
If you herded slower than three minutes
If you herded faster than three minutes
Epona buckles on her haunches, leaping the gate to the village - Ilia runs to her side
Link wrangles the goat
A gate keeps Link from entering the springs
Link crawls through the tunnel into the spring
Link is knocked unconscious by King Bulblin - The children are gone when he awakens, and he is pulled into the twilight as his world is cloaked in darkness
Link awakens in a jail cell
Link burrows beneath the ground and comes out on the other side
He pulls the chain and opens the path
Midna coalesces on the other side of the gate
The stairs come apart beneath his feet
The stairs sweep up to the top of the tower
Link leaps through the window - Outside is a tranquil, dowdy world frozen in time
A Hylian soldier cowers on the rooftop
The stairs sweep up to a hardwood door - The room, once opulent, now gazes out on to the world of ruin - In the corner is a woman, cloaked, elegant, stately, mysterious
Flashback to the throne room of Hyrule Castle
Link leaps through window
Midna transports Link back to Ordon Springs
Get within earshot
If you didn't scare them off the first time
A hawk attacks Link
Link enters the house through an arrant window
Link burrows into the house and steals the sword
Link defeats the shadow being that appeared from the twilight portal
Midna pulls Link into the twilight
Shadow creatures attack Link
After the final shadow creature revives its fallen comrades
Link defeats the final enemy
If you try to leave Faron Woods
After you defeat the insects inside of Coro's house
If you walk into the fog beyond the cavern
A monkey is attacked by insects
Link destroys the insects
If you try to leave the forest
He hands Link the small key
On the other side of the cave, a monkey steals Link's lantern
It discards the lantern on the other side of the fog
If you try to leave before you get the lantern back
If you pay him
Link is confronted by a golden wolf at the entrance to the Forest Temple and is teleported to another world
Link brings the weight of his weapon down into the warrior's chest
Link enters the Forest Temple
One of the monkeys severs the cords of the bridge with his boomerang
Link breaks a jar and finds Ooccoo
After Link defeats the monkey, he receives the Gale Boomerang
Link frees another trapped monkey
If you get the compass
Link defeats Diababa at the end of the dungeon
Link steps out into Hyrule Field, and in the distant continuity where land meets sky without sinew, beyond the rim at the top of the hill, Hyrule Castle stands bathed in the tangled gloom of twilight under the vast veneer of the Twilight King - As he walks along the path toward Kakariko, Link is met by the mail carrier
Link meets the wall of twilight up ahead
If you try to leave the twilight
Link finds a backpack up ahead and catches the scent
Link transports to North Faron Woods
A bridge lies against the knee of a cliff
If Link warps to the wrong location
Midna warps the bridge piece to Kakariko Gorge
Link arrives at Kakariko
Link digs through a soft patch of earth alongside the gate and enters Kakariko
Link falls through the opening of a roof
Link sets fire to all of the candles
Link descends into the cellar
The scaffolding leads up through the graveyard and back to Kakariko - Link's paws tread hatched and withered shingles, which collapse beneath his weight
The twilight throws cold light down on the rooftops - Link tries to smoke an insect out of the bomb hut, but the blaze consumes the house
Link takes the Death Mountain path
Link defeats all of the insects
Colin comes out of the house
The Goron throws Link from the cliff
Epona rushes into Kakariko Village with Bulblins on her back
If you try to leave
Link corrals her
Link and Epona are intercepted by the Postman on the way back to Ordon
When Link rides back to Ordon, the villagers take the news of the children with the ease that the worst is past
Link and Bo sumo wrestle
If you let Bo win
Alternate dialogue
If you win
Link and Bo wrestle again
If you let Bo win
Alternate dialogue
If you win
If you try to leave
Link finds the Iron Boots in the chest
Link shuttles the goats into the barn
If you were slower than three minutes
If you were faster than three minutes
If you go into the barn, you'll find the Postman
Link rushes back to Kakariko, but he is too late to stop King Bulblin from taking Colin hostage
Link defeats King Bulblin - Colin awakes back at Kakariko
Renado takes Colin to the upper room of the inn
Link visits Colin
Link goes to Death Mountain and plunges the Goron off of the cliff
Link enters the inner sanctum of the Gorons
If you lose
If you lose with the boots on
If you win
If you find Ooccoo in a jar
If you let your shield set on fire
Link defeats Fyrus
Link is transported to the spring in Kakariko
Link finds Ilia's backpack and has a flashback
Link finds the depredated stonewalls surrounding Hyrule Castle
Link crosses the wooden bridge and enters Castle Town from the east
To the south of Hyrule Castle is the Great Bridge of Hylia, anchored and crumbling to the ground - Link is assaulted on either side by fire
Link leaps from the bridge and lands in the water below
If you didn't go to Hyrule Castle Town
If you went to Hyrule Castle Town
Link defeats the monster
If you fall off
The bird carries Link to the source of the water
Link reaches the top of Zora's Domain
Link warps to Death Mountain
If Link warps to the wrong location
If Link warps it correctly, the roots of the rock are sheared from the ground and sever the ice in Zora's Domain
seeing an insect
Link calls another bird
Link is dropped on the riverbank
Link lets the river take him back to Hyrule Castle
Link finds the last insect underneath a box next to Telma's Bar
Link warps to Lake Hylia and defeats the final insect
Link heads back to Telma's Bar
Ilia makes her appeal, but the doctor is gone - There is no recognition in her eyes as she glances at Link
She turns around, but the soldiers are gone
Link defeats King Bulblin
If you get ahead of the wagon
Link escorts Telma's wagon into Kakariko Village
The Postman leans down in front of the hearth
Queen Zora appears to Link outside and guides him to the Graveyard
Link travels back to Lake Hylia
Link destroys the rock in front of Lakebed Temple
Inside, stalactites fall from the ceiling
If you catch a Skullfish
At the end of the dungeon, Link defeats Morpheel
Link is transported to Lanayru's cave
Zant exposes Midna to the light - Lanayru transports Link and Midna to northern Hyrule Field
Link enters Castle Town
Link enters Telma's Bar
Louise, Telma's cat, speaks to Link from the window ledge
Link enters through the window
If you've never talked to them before
If you knock a jar to the ground
On the other side is entry into Jovani's house
Link defeats the Poe
Link eventually enters Zelda's room through a window
Zelda passes on her power and disappears
Link heads to Faron Woods
Link defeats the Skull Kid
The stairs slope up through the decayed ruins of the Temple of Time and into the company of the Blade of Evil's Bane - It stands broad and proud in the bereavement of ruins, as if it was the only survivor of an ancient blitz - Link unsheathes the sword from the bed of rock, and as the fogs rolls away and the forest becomes lucid and clear, he holds it above his head and accepts his fate as hero
Link warps to Lake Hylia and finds Auru on top of a tower overlooking Gerudo Desert
If you press B
Along the Gerudo Mesa you will find the piece of the Eldin Bridge
If you warp it to the wrong location
If you go back to Lake Hylia
Link enters the Arbiter's Ground, an ancient tomb slithering down into the core of earth
Zant awaits you at the end of the dungeon
Link defeats the awakened Stallord
Link ascends to the crown of Arbiter's Ground and finds the Mirror of Twilight shattered
If you've talked to her before
Link arrives in Zora's Domain
Link departs for Snowpeak Mountain
If you've never met her
If you show the sketch to the Zoras
Link warps to Kakariko Village, where Prince Ralis is grieving in front of the grave of his family
Link shows him the note
Link returns to Zora's Domain and catches the Reekfish
In his courage, Link finds the strength to topple Snowpeak, even as the thunderous wind threatens to tear him from the cliff and throw him down the mountain path and the packed snow clutches at his fur and solders his skin like a hot iron - Upon his ascension to the top of the mountain, he finds a docile Yeti with a Reekfish hanging from his hand
If you approach as wolf
If you approach as human
At the bottom of the mountain is a large mansion, ostensibly a solitary Oriental mountain house
Roasting in front of the fire is Yeto's wife, Yeta
An Ordon pumpkin lies within the treasure chest
Yeto stirs the pumpkin in with the rest of the stew
After Link assails the northern annex and defeats Darkhammer, he finds goat cheese in the treasure chest
Yeto is smitten by the smell of goat cheese and adds it to his concoction of fish and pumpkin
Link finds the bedroom key on the top floor of the mansion
The mirror transforms Yeta into a monster - Link defeats her
Yeto attends to his fallen wife
If you've talked to her before
Link returns to Faron Woods
If you didn't meet him in Telma's Bar
Link pursues the Skull Kid through the woods
Link returns the Master Sword to its place in the pedestal and ascends the steps to the Temple of Time
If you use your wolf senses
If you've never met Ooccoo before
If you leave and come back
Link defeats Armoghoma in the temple's basement
If you've met Telma's friends before
Shad is deciphering the owl statue in the basement of Renado's hut
If you never met Shad before
Link enters Telma's Bar and shows her the letter
Borville is at his office in the western thoroughfare
Link shows him the tab
Link finds the scent behind a crate
The medicine scent leads into Telma's Bar
Link recovers the wooden statue from the pack of Stalhounds
The wooden statue sparks Ilia's memory
Darbus goes ahead of Link - When Link arrives, Darbus has already finished
If you try to open the door
Impaz comes out of her house once all of the Bulblins are defeated
Link returns to Kakariko and shows Ilia the horse call
Link shows Shad the book
He repeats the ancient incantation
Under each owl statue is a successive piece of the Sky writing
Link returns to Shad
Link moves the owl statue with the Dominion Rod - Inside of the alcove is a broken cannon
Link warps the Sky Cannon to Lake Hylia
Fyer works on the cannon until it is operational
Ooccoo joins Link in the cannon before it blasts off
A dragon flies overhead
Inside shop
Link defeats Argorok, claiming the fourth and final piece of the mirror
Link warps to the Mirror Chamber in the Arbiter's Ground
Link enters the Twilight Realm with Midna
Link is engulfed by a dark fog and reverts to wolf form
If you try to turn back into a human
If the hand steals back the Sol
Link returns the Sol to its place near the entrance
Link returns both Sols to their place
At the end of the palace, Link enters Zant's chamber
Link defeats Zant
Midna destroys Zant
Midna uses the power of the Fused Shadows to dispel the barrier surrounding Hyrule Castle - Inside, Link meets King Bulblin
Link defeats King Bulblin
Link meets Ganon at the top of Hyrule Castle
Zelda, who was using Midna to harbor her soul, reawakens
Midna transports Link and Zelda to Hyrule Field so that she alone can face the King of Darkness - Ganon follows on his horse
Ganon is thrown from his horse
Link pierces Ganon through the chest
Ganon dies standing in the hours of twilight - Upon his death Midna's curse is broken - Link charges up the hill
Credits roll - The camera pans across Hyrule - We return to the Mirror Chamber, where Midna prepares to depart the light world
(No)
(Yes)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(analog up)
(analog up)
(X inches)
(analog stick)
(analog stick)
(analog stick)
(I'll buy it.)
(No thanks.)
(remote)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(crosshair)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(crosshair)
(analog stick)
(analog stick)
(crosshair)
(remote)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(remote)
(remote)
(remote)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(No)
(Yes)
(time)
(Sorry, kid.)
(Sorry, but no.)
(Sorry, but no.)
(I understand. OK.)
(D Pad)
(D Pad)
(D Pad)
(No thanks.)
(Tell me.)
(Down on D Pad)
(Down on D Pad)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(I'll stay.)
(Warp out!)
(Go back!)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(Warp)
(Speak to Midna)
(Speak to Midna)
(analog stick)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(analog stick)
(Yes)
(No)
(analog stick)
(Yes)
(No)
(Not interested.)
(I'll challenge you.)
(remote)
(Sorry, partner.)
(Yes)
(No)
(time)
(time)
(No)
(Retreat)
(Challenge!)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes)
(No)
(No thanks)
(Special - Repairs)
(Give it a shot.)
(No)
(Yes)
(kind of bombs)
(X)
(X)
(No thanks.)
(Sure! I'll sell!)
(X)
(X)
(Buy!)
(Yes)
(No)
(Try again)
(Quit)
(Continue)
(Yes)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(Go)
(Later)
(Speak to Midna)
(Warp)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(X inches)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes, I am.)
(Yes, I am.)
(Yes)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(D Pad)
(Talk to Midna)
(Warp)
(No)
(Specials - Repairs)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
Tell me...Do you ever feel a strange sadness as dusk falls? They say it's the only time when our world intersects with theirs... ...The only time we can feel the lingering regrets of spirits who have left our world. That is why loneliness always pervades the hour of twilight... But enough talk of sadness...I have a favor to ask of you, Link. I was supposed to deliver something to the royal family of Hyrule the day after tomorrow... Yes, it was a task set to me by the mayor, but...would you go in my stead? You have...never been to Hyrule, right? In the kingdom of Hyrule there is a great castle, and around it is Castle Town, a community far bigger than our little village. ...And far bigger than Hyrule is the rest of the world the gods created. You should look upon it all with your own eyes. It is getting late... We should head back to the village. I will talk to the mayor about this matter.

Hey! Link! You there? Hey, you mind helpin' me herd the goats? They ain't listenin' to me lately! Hey, where's Epona? C'mon, now, hurry on up an' bring Epona with you.
Hey hey, where are you goin' without Epona? Hurry on up an' bring her with you, bud.
Oh, hi, Link. I washed Epona for you! Epona is a girl too, so you have to treat her nice like one! Oh, but listen, Link... Could you do something for me? Can you use a piece of grass to play that song for me? You know, the one that Epona likes? I tried to play it for Epona, but I just can't seem to play it the way you can, Link.
It's such a nice melody... Epona looks happy. Well, she's all prettied up now, so I suppose you can ride her back. But don't you make her do too much, OK? What's the matter? Aren't you going to help out at the ranch?
Ah, if it isn't young Link. Are you going to close down the ranch for the day? I just closed the shop, myself. I'm sure you know all about the mischievous monkeys that've been coming into the village lately... Those things worry me a bit. I'd better lock up tight here... I couldn't stand to have any more goods stolen... Can't trust that good-for-nothing husband to do anything right...
C'mon, Dad! You can't catch a silly little monkey?
Uhh... Well... No. No, I can't.
Oh... Listen to us babble on. I didn't mean to keep you. All right, off to work with you.
Why don't you stop by and do a little shopping some other time?
Well... Have a good time at work, Link!
...And be careful out there! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh... Hi, Link. I'm making you a fishing rod, y'know! All I have left to do is paint it, so get ready for fishing! I just need to finish painting it today... Then I need my dad to look it over... My dad, he always has to stick his nose in everything, y'know...
Ah, great timing, Link! There was something I had forgotten to tell you. My son Colin is making a fishing rod so the two of you can play together. He should finish it today, so you come get it at the house tomorrow. Now, it is Colin's first fishing rod, so it may not be the best one out there...but you will be kind and use it anyway, right? See you tomorrow!
Good evening, Link. This is a lovely sunset,is it not? It is kind of you to spend time with my husband, you know... It gives me time for myself! Oh, do you have to go put the livestock to bed now? Well, you should go to the ranch before the sun goes down.
Oh. Link. Looks like you're goin' to help Fado. Good job. He headed up to the ranch ahead of you. You go finish up your chores before the sun goes down. Go on. Get up to the ranch and help out. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sorry to get you over here in such a hurry, Link! These guys have been awful skittish lately. They won't listen to a word I say. Sorry to ask, bud, but how's about you an' Epona herd 'em into the barn real quick? We ain't got much time, so you think you can do it for me?
I'm bettin' that with you two helpin' out, it'll be done in no time. Just say the word once y'all are ready to get started! Y'all about ready to start herdin' these goats?
Much obliged there, bud! OK, then, go on an' herd all these little scamps into the barn for me! Dang, if it ain't a good thing y'all came! OK, then! Herd them goats into the barn with Epona!
Link, Epona... Much obliged to both of y'all! I can cover everythin' tomorrow without havin' to trouble you, so just sit back an' relax, bud. Oh... But, uh, how 'bout today? Wanna practice with fences? Just wait a spell, bud. I'll get them fences set up. Hoo, sorry that took so long! OK, then! Y'all ride all you want! Y'all get tired of ridin', just jump the gate an' head back into the village, OK, bud? Ain't nothin' cooler than fence jumpin' done just right! If y'all press A to dash just as you get near a fence, y'all can jump over the middle of it. Oh, an' if y'all get tired of ridin', just go ahead an' jump the gate to head back to the village. I'll put everythin' away today!
Hey, wake up, Link! It's morning already! Oh, Link! Didja hear? They're selling a slingshot at the store right now! A SLINGSHOT!
I wonder how powerful it is... I... I need... I must try it...
Talo, if you and Malo want it so badly, just buy it at my parents' shop!
Do you see any Rupees in my hand? I can't afford that thing! C'mon, Beth, can't you just loan it to us for a while?
You know I'd get in trouble for that! If you two want it, save up your allowances or something.
But... our allowances are terrible... Aww, I wish I was born into a family with a slingshot instead of one with a waterwheel...
C'mon, Beth. We just want to LOOK at it a little! So can you get it? The slingshot? From the shop?
...Yeah, and if you can't do that, let's just trade families, OK?
KNOCK IT OFF! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hi, Link... You have the day off work today, right? So...I finished the fishing rod I was making. Link, I figured I'd give it to you first thing in the morning, but... My dad said, "You just wait until Link comes to get it!" So I didn't bring it to you... It's also the first day off in a while for Epona, right? She must be happy... Link, my mom has the fishing rod I made for you. Aww, I wish I'd brought it with me...
You have the day off from work, don't you, Link? You have to give Epona a day off, too. Poor girl... Why don't you let Epona take the day off, too! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Well hey, 'morning, Link. Got a day off from work today, m'boy? Not me. The wife's been hassling me... Today's the day to restock our store. Look! See? Up there in that tree... If you use C and then
or
to move the cursor around, you can get a better view. Yeah, some Ordon bees built themselves a fine nest up there, and I was thinking about knocking it down... Our cat hasn't come home since yesterday, so the wife's in a bad mood. At the very least, I need to bring something home to her... I want to knock that nest down so I can get the bee larva inside! Our cat hasn't come home since yesterday, so the wife's been in an awful mood... I don't want to make her even angrier...
Ohhhh... Awww... ...Oh, my... It's young Link... ...Welcome, m'dear. You... You didn't happen to see my little cat out there, did you? He ate the fish we were going to have for supper last night, and I gave him a good scolding...but then he went out and hasn't returned... I'm so fraught with worry for him... I've exhausted myself... Ohhhh... I'm terribly sorry...but my mind is so filled with thoughts of my little cat that I simply can't deal with customers right now... Ohhh... If I had known this was going to happen, I would have let my little kitty eat fish to his heart's content... Link, m'dear... I'm sorry, but would you leave me be? I'll serve you milk later. Ohhhh... I'm terribly sorry...but my mind is just filled with thoughts of my kitty right now... I'll bet he's getting pretty hungry about now... He's probably longing for a fish fresh out of the river...
Huh? Oh! Sorry! Sorry! Didn't realize it was you, Link. I was thinking maybe I could knock it down by throwing rocks at it... But, of course, it's so high up... It makes that pretty hard to do... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh, um, good morning to you. If you are looking for my husband, he took his sword and left early this morning. But I must ask, Link... You have not seen a cradle come floating by here, have you? It is a baby's cradle made of finely woven tree bark... Oh, such a misfortune... How far could it have drifted, I wonder... What am I to do? I made that cradle when my first child was born, and I have cherished it all these years... Just where could it have floated off to, I wonder... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mornin', Link. Sounds like Fado's handlin' things at the ranch on his own today. When he's up there alone, I always figure some calamity or other's gonna happen...
WHOOOOOOOAAA!!! A GOAT GOT LOOSE! IT'S HEADIN' FOR TOWN! SOMEBODY STOP IT!
Argh! The town's precious livestock... THAT'S why I'm uneasy about leavin' the ranch in Fado's hands... If you plant your feet by holdin' down A and hang on to that goat, you'll calm him down real quick. If any more goats get loose, you be sure to grab 'em like that... The goats are gettin' out, the monkeys are causin' trouble... It's tough bein' mayor!
WHOOOOOOOAAA! 'NOTHER LOOSE GOAT! SOMEBODY STOP IT!
Argh... Another one of the town's precious livestock... Link... Get it right, lad! I want you to plant your feet by holdin' down A and then grabbin' that critter...
Aw... Fado did it again... These goats have been awful skittish lately... You always gotta be on your toes! Sorry 'bout that, Link. But thanks to you, that goat didn't get away! (That Fado... Looks like I'll be garnishin' the cost of that goat from his wages!) The goats are gettin' loose, the monkeys are causin' trouble... It's tough bein' mayor! You've heard 'bout 'em, right, Link? Those monkeys? Apparently they've been comin' into the village lately. If you see 'em causin' any trouble, can you teach 'em a lesson for me? I've gotta wonder, what are wild monkeys doin' in town? Did the woods run out of food? At any rate, if you see 'em causin' any trouble, could you teach 'em a lesson for me?
Eh? Oh, did you need Ilia for somethin'? Sorry, sonny, but I was told that if you came by today, I wasn't to let you inside. She's locked herself in her room, workin' like crazy on somethin' or other... Sorry, sonny...but Ilia told me not to let you in today. She'll be awful sore at me if I break my word. She's the spittin' image of her late mother, that girl... Right down to her strong will... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What's goin' on, Link? I thought I told y'all to take the day off, bud! Everythin's fine 'round here! I'm keepin' a close eye on these scamps, an' that's the truth. What's the deal, bud? If y'all got some free time, how's about you go spend it with them young rascals? Go on, now! Get goin', bud! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
That hurts... Ow... If rocks won't work, then what am I supposed to do?
Hi, Link. Welcome. If you're looking for my hubby, he took a break from working and went outside. I wouldn't be surprised if he's taking a nap somewhere... He's in the middle of making a shield for Colin's dad, Rusl, right at the moment. See it? Right over there. Though it looks like it's far from being done... Sorry you came all this way to find him out and about... Link! My boys Malo and Talo aren't giving you headaches, are they? If they are, you feel free to scold them anytime you like.
Yo, Link! Try talking to me from there with A while Z-targeting! Whoa. Hey. You climbed up here without even yelling up at me first. You're a spry one, huh? Well, whatever... Yo! There you are! Check this out... You know Sera, at the general store? Well, isn't that her cat over there? He's just been sitting there next to my house, having a staring contest with the creek. You don't suppose he's thinking he's gonna catch a fish, do you? Ha ha ha! A cat can't catch no fish! Anyway, that's not what I was meaning to tell you about. I want you to take a look at something... See that grass growing there on the edge of that rock? Haven't I seen you whistling with that stuff? I figured it was pretty rare to see it growing in a place like that, so I thought I'd let you know. I bet you could hop across these rocks with just a quick little
, couldn't you? What's that stuff thinking, growing on a rock like that? I guess I just don't understand grass. Well, since you're up here, why don't you use
to hop over there and play a tune for me?
Owww... Using a hawk... Brilliant... Maybe I'll start practicing my grass whistle...
Call me crazy, but I could listen to that grass whistle all day long! So, anyway... I guess I'll just get back to my lounging. Wow, isn't this just ridiculously good weather? Sure is peaceful...
YO! DON'T WASTE FOOD!
Oh! Link! That cradle! Did you go to the trouble of finding it for me? My thanks to you! Oh, that reminds me! There is something I am supposed to give to you... Do you think you could carry that cradle and come with me back to my house?
Oh, my... Link! I have been looking for that cradle! I made it when my first child was born, and I have cherished it all these years. Did you know all this somehow? Did you find it and bring it back to me on purpose? My thanks to you! That reminds me... There is something I am supposed to give you... Do you think you could carry that cradle and come with me back to my house?
My thanks to you, Link. Yes, yes... I had nearly forgotten... I am supposed to give you this... All right... Here you go!
It is a little...unpolished. My son, Colin, made this under the instruction of his father. You can use it if you like. When my son Colin grows up, I want him to be just like you. He really is a sweet boy... He can just be a little...timid.
Oh, you got it... I hope you like it... Aren't you off of work today, Link? Epona finally has a day off, too...
You caught a Greengill
! These small fries are everywhere. Press + to check the fish you've caught on the Collection screen. Let this one go with A.
Oh, my, Link! You simply MUST hear this! Just take a look! My little kitty Link came back! And he brought a fish back with him. He was worried about me being angry!
Oh, my! Link! Come in! Oh, you simply MUST hear this! My little kitty cat is so amazing! Today, he caught a fish all by his little old self! How do you think he caught it? Maybe he's a genius! Ohhh, just look... Isn't he so cute, the way he laps up that milk? Say, m'dear, why don't you have some, too! I'm in a good mood, so it's on the house today! Oh, don't worry, you don't have to return the empty bottle, m'dear. You can reuse it--you know, put something else in it. Recycling is a very important thing, m'dear! I'm sure YOU'D never do anything of the sort, but kids these days toss things out like the whole world was disposable! It's criminal! So, what do you say, m'dear? Is there anything you want today? Feel free to look around using
. Hey, don't just gawk at me! Check out my wares using
. See you again soon! Welcome, m'dear! Interested in something? Take a looking using
. The slingshot is 30 Rupees. Do you want to buy it, m'dear?
What are you doing buying a slingshot, you naughty thing? You're too old for toys! Will you at least let the kids play with it? Oh, I should tell you, if you happen to run out of pellets, you can also use pumpkin seeds.
Ah, just in time, Link! I just delivered something to your room! Oh, I see you got the fishing rod. Colin will be pleased. And it works better than you would think, right? Well, have a good one... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Link has a slingshot! WHOA!
Wow! You had enough money to buy it, Link?
Preparations complete...
OK, wow, this is great! Let's see how powerful that slingshot is! Hit the targets AND those scarecrows!
I can't believe you two brats are so obsessed about this. It just shows what little boys you both still are. These two will never let it go, Link. Just show them. First, use
to aim.
Whoa, wait! Are you going somewhere, Link?
These two are obsessed with your slingshot. They won't shut up about it, so can't you show it to them, pretty please?
...
Not that I know this for SURE, but I bet if you're out of pellets, you can use plain old pumpkin seeds.
That's it, Beth... Enough lies. You HAVE to have used the slingshot before. Admit it!
OK! This time, you have to get to the end, Link!
Ooh, he's gonna show it to us! You're so sweet, Link!
Preparations...complete...
This time you have to hit the targets and the scarecrow so we can see how powerful that thing is!
These two are just obsessed with that slingshot. Which makes sense, since they're just little immature boys. You know these brats will never let you get away, Link. You're going to have to stick it out. Just point with
to aim! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What's wrong, Link?
I'm pretty sure that you go to the - screen to set the slingshot to B. Then you press B to use it! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hurry, shoot so we can see it...
Hurry up and show us!
I can teach you how to use it...
You go to the - screen and set the slingshot to B... Then you press B to fire. It's not complicated.
Whoa! You hit it! You hit it! It says in the slingshot manual that you can tilt
to look around while using the slingshot.
I thought you weren't interested, Beth...
There's still some left! Hurry! Hurry!
I'm pretty sure you use
to aim with
and tilt
to look around...
...You know too much. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There's still some left.
You point with
to aim
to look around.
Beth, admit it. You've used this thing before. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There are still targets left!
There are five in all!
Tilt
to look around and then just aim
with
BETH, TALO, AND MALO Whoa! Amazing, Link!
If you lock on with Z, then you don't have to aim with the cursor at all!
Gee, you really are amazing, Link!
Yeah, you are! You can use swords and slingshots and everything!
Hey, yeah, that reminds me, you've gotta teach us how to use a sword, too! Seriously! Lately these monkeys have been coming out of the woods and playing tricks on us! We want to get them GOOD! C'mon, teach us how to use a sword!
By the way, Link... Were you expecting Colin's dad to bring something by here? 'Cause he did.
Oh, yeah! That's right... What was that, anyway?!
I command you to tell us... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What did Colin's dad bring?
Ooh, yeah! I can't stop thinking about it! Show me!
Hurry up... Hurry up!
Ooh, my! Isn't that a wooden sword, Link?
Whoa... She's right! Hey, can I see it for a sec? Seriously! Lately these monkeys have been coming out of the woods and playing tricks on us! We want to get them GOOD! C'mon, teach us how to use a sword!
What?! Aw, gee, why not?!
Get off your high horse. Just show us.
C'mon, be a pal, Link... Teach us how to use a sword!
YES! All right! First off, we wanna see THAT move! The slice! Um... You just swing
, right?
Where are you going?! You gotta teach me how to use a sword!
...I don't think that's right... I thought that you just swung
to do a slice? Wow! A horizontal slice! Was that it? Was it? I think I've seen you do a vertical slice before, too. You know, by swinging
while Z-targeting. All right, next... Wow! A vertical slice! Was that it? Was it? I think I've seen you do a horizontal slice before, too. You know, by just swinging
. All right, next...
Ooh! Ooh! I wanna see that other move, Link! Yeah, you target with Z and then just tilt
forward and swing
.
...Oh, please. The stab?
Ooh! That was SO great, Link.
...But that wasn't the stab...
What are you mumbling about?! Link did that on purpose! Hey Link! Do it again! Show how you flex your muscles and stab! Y'know, target with Z, then tilt
!
Ooh, Link! Just amazing! Since you're at it, how about you show us that other move... Y'know, that little twirly thing you do! I love that! What do you call it? A spin attack?
You just lightly shake the Nunchuk side to side...
...Pssh! He didn't spin at all! But all you do is lightly shake the Nunchuk from side to side...
Ooh, WOW! Thanks, Link! I'm sorry you have to waste your time with these little brats when you must be tired from doing all the important stuff you do!
Hey, wait! You've gotta show us the jump attack before you go! You know, the one where you go "HYAAH!" and leap through the air!
That thing you do with A while Z-targeting?
What are you doing? That's not it! The one where you JUMP!
Did I not say you use A while Z-targeting?
BETH, TALO, AND MALO WHOA!
Thanks, Link! So, uh, I... I think I get it... Kinda... Hmm... Maybe not... So this means that anytime one of those naughty monkeys shows up... WAH!
C'MERE, YOU!
Everyone went into the woods... I wonder if they're OK... Where'd everyone go off to?
Talo and Malo went chasing like crazy people after that monkey. I can't keep up with those two... Link, you should chase after them on Epona!
...They went that way. The rest is up to you, Link... Human legs...too slow to catch monkeys...
Whoa! An Ordonian! Hey, guy! Listen, I'm not sure you should be wandering around the woods without a lantern. Just because it's daylight doesn't mean it's safe. There are a ton of caves and dank spots around here that get pretty dark even in the middle of the day. Here! Go on, guy. Take this!
See, I sell lantern oil here... I'm trying to drum up sales by giving away free lanterns! It's a business tactic, guy! See, as long as you've got oil to fuel your lantern, you can light your way and set fire to stuff. They're the best! Go on, guy! Try setting a fire under that big pot! Go on! Set a fire under that big pot so you can get a taste of just how amazing lanterns are! On the - Items screen, set the lantern to B and then use B to swing it!
That's right! See! It's on fire, guy! Yeah! You keep using that lantern anytime you feel the need. And if it runs out of oil, you come see me to get it refilled!
Talo still hasn't come back... Didn't you see him, Link? Where could Talo have gone?
Link, did you find Talo? Sounds like the monkeys caught him, not the other way around! Maybe I'll just go home...
...They're late... Still haven't come back from the woods... ...Hungry... Wait a while... If they don't come back... Let's leave them and go home and eat...
You found a play wooden sword! It's Talo's...
GRRRARRR! FWEEEEEEEEEEET! Hey! Punish the evildoers! ...Huh? Hey! The evildoers are all gone? ...Wait, are you...a customer? Oh! Hey! Sorry! So sorry! Please forgive me! Welcome! Hey! Buy something! Anything!
HEEEEELP! Lemme out of here, please! Hey, Link, c'mon! PLEASE! Help me! Set me free!
If you hadn't come, Link... Gee, me and that monkey would've gotten eaten, probably! She's actually a pretty nice gal, that monkey... She tried to protect me, so we got captured together. Um, Link... You're not gonna mention this to my dad, are you? He's always telling me to never, EVER go into the forest, 'cause he says it's dangerous... So you really can't tell him! Really! You have to promise!
Link! My son told me Talo disappeared into the woods and had not returned. I came as soon as I heard... But it looks like you have brought him home already... I apologize. Such a task should not fall to you. Tell me, have you noticed how strange this wood seems lately? I feel... uneasy about what may lie in wait... Anyway, Link... Tomorrow is finally the day. You will be departing for Hyrule. I think it is a good thing I have given this task to you... Good luck! And return safely! If you are lucky, you may even get to meet Princess Zelda! Ah ha ha!
Hey! Link! So, almost time for you to get goin', huh, Link? So how's about we finish up early today, bud? Gotta get them chores done! If y'all wanna get them goats back into the barn, then climb up onto Epona an' holler at me. OK, then! Let's get started!
Hmm? What all's the matter, bud? Y'all lookin' to start over again, Link?
Well then, hurry on up an' get the job done!
Hoo! Now, THAT is dedication! Wantin' to do the job perfect! OK, then. Let's try 'er again!
Hey, Link, what's wrong? Y'all were (time} slower than usual.
Hoo, boy, but y'all can herd! That was
faster than usual! Well, that about wraps 'er up for today, so how's about y'all head on over to the mayor's place? So, Hyrule, huh? What kinda place is it, bud? I ain't never so much as set foot outside Ordon... Hoo... Y'all are makin' me jealous! I'll cover for y'all at the ranch while you're gone! Since you're goin' all the way to Hyrule, y'all better enjoy as much of the trip as you can! OK, then, y'all get outta here. Head on over to the mayor's place, an' make it quick!
Oh, done herdin' for the day, Link? Well, nice work. The royal gift Rusl told you about is ready, so you should get ready for your trip to Hyrule Castle. Now, the royal family requested this gift specifically, so it's real special. It'd be...bad...if the representative of Ordon were to be late for such an occasion, you get me, lad?
The path before you is long, my sweet horse...but please bear Link safely along it. Wait... What's this? What's happened? She's injured, isn't she? Link? How could you! You were pushing Epona too hard again! I bet you hurt her leg jumping fences, didn't you?
Now, now Ilia. There's no need to get so hot with him...
FATHER! How can you be so easy on him? You're the MAYOR! You should start acting like one! You poor thing... It'll be all right, Epona. I'll take you to the forest spring right now. Once we soothe you in the spirit's spring, you'll feel better in no time!
W-Wait! Ilia!!! Why, without Epona... The gift won't get delivered in time! Oh, this won't do... What's a father to do... There's no way you'll be able to deliver our town's gift without Epona...
WHOOOOOOOAAA! A GOAT GOT LOOSE! IT'S HEADIN' FOR TOWN! SOMEBODY STOP IT!
Sorry to always be puttin' you through this, Link. Well... You'd better get goin' and figure out what you're gonna do about Epona. Maybe you can head up to where Ilia is and see if she won't give you the horse back. Link, can't you find a way to get her to give back Epona? ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh, hello there, Link. Are you going to start preparing for your departure? It will seem lonely here while you are gone in Hyrule. You must promise to take care of yourself and try not to do anything beyond your abilities. I am sure it will be a long journey. Good luck.
The time has come! Well, Link... Can I at least interest you in one serious sword lesson once you return from Hyrule? You have talent with a blade. If you were to get proper instruction, I bet you could be a very skilled swordsman. You can let me know once you return, but I want you to give it some serious consideration... For now, put this village out of your thoughts and leave things to me.
Hi, Link. I've heard a rumor about you! So, you're going to Hyrule Castle? Isn't that just incredible... How wonderful for you! But I suppose I should be apologizing to you for the trouble Talo and Malo caused you yesterday... They're a mischievous pair...but they'll always be a pair of angels to their father and me. Thank you so much. Link, you take care. And you come back safe. Link. You take good care of yourself.
Yo, Link. Sorry if my little tykes were causing you trouble yesterday. I gave them a ferocious scolding, so I hope you forgive them. Oh, and hey... You be careful on your trip to Hyrule Castle, Link! Must be nice to have such fine weather on the day of your departure... I'm sure we don't need to worry about you...but you be careful all the same!
Oh... Link. Owww... Sorry about my face... The swelling won't go down... Oh, I heard you're going out on an errand for the mayor, m'boy. Must be nice... Me, I'm restocking again today... Today I REALLY need to find something to bring back to sell at the shop... The wife's in a nasty mood today, so I don't want to disappoint her again. That'd be...bad.
Oh, Link. Back again? M'dear, I hear you're going to the castle. Is that true? Why, how nice... I'm sure the shops in Castle Town are quite ritzy! So, are you shopping again today? You can check out my wares with (analog stick). ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
......Link, are you going to see Ilia? Maybe it's just me...but those guys don't normally let people through... Um, Link, you think... You think we can go to see Ilia together? Link... C'mon, let's go...
Link! Hello again! Ooh! Ooh! You're going to Hyrule Castle, aren't you, Link? That must be sooooo nice... I want to go to Hyrule, too! I mean, there's nothing that looks good on me in this town... Come back soon, Link! When you get back, you have to tell me all about Castle Town!
Hey, we've been waiting for you, y'know, Link. Yesterday was soooo much fun! Yeah, chasing that monkey was great! I was just telling Malo here about how we wanted to show it to him, but we let it go instead!
Oh, YOU didn't get caught, Talo?
Oh! Colin! Way to spoil everything by telling your dad. Nice job.
Yeah, thanks a lot! We got scolded by our dad something awful. I thought it was never gonna end...
I bet you're trying to go see Ilia, aren't you? Well, there's no way I'm gonna let you pass! Oh, hey, neat! Link! Lemme borrow that wooden sword! If I'd had that wooden sword yesterday, I could've handled it all alone, definitely! C'mon! Let me borrow that wooden sword right now!
What?! Why not? It's OK! Just lemme borrow it! Look, we're never gonna let you leave here until you tell us we can borrow it, Link!
If you wanna get past here, Colin, you'd better start talking, fast. Make Link let us borrow that sword.
Sheesh, you ARE my brother, Talo...but that's pretty low...
Come on, be a pal, Link! I'll take real good care of it, so lemme borrow your wooden sword!
What?! Why not? Aw, I thought for sure you were gonna let me borrow it! Colin! Start asking him to lemme borrow it, will ya?
I still don't understand that logic...
I'll be real careful when I use it, so c'mon! Lemme borrow your wooden sword!
Gee, I thought for sure you'd lemme borrow it this time. Well, I guess neither of us is going anywhere.
Whoa! YESSS! With this thing... I'll show 'em!
Link. Thanks... those guys are always teasing me... What's so fun about swinging something like that around, anyway? I hate it... It's scary... But when I grow up, I'm gonna be just like you, Link! I don't want to learn about swords or anything, but could you teach me how to ride a horse sometime? Can you?! You have to promise! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Check out THESE sword moves, Malo! If I'd had this wooden sword yesterday, I could've caught that naughty monkey, don'tcha think?
Wait, weren't you just telling me how you DID catch the monkey? With Link?
Uh, yeah um, anyway... Practice! Time to practice! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I bonked it with this wooden sword and caught it really quick, but I felt kinda bad for it, so I let it go!
But you didn't have a wooden sword then, did you? Mr. Liar?
Time to practice!
Something's fishy about this...
Link!
If you came to take Epona back, you can FORGET it! Why don't you think about what you've done for a change! I won't open the gate until you change your attitude!
Ilia, you don't know what happened yesterday...
Listen, I don't know if she'll listen to me, but let me try to explain about Talo and the monkey, OK? You crawl in here through the tunnel in back while I do, Link. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Give up! I don't care how long you wait there, I'm not letting you take Epona!
You know how to get in here, right? Go around through the tunnel in the woods while you can. Hurry up, Link! I'll talk to her in the meantime...
I had no idea... I hadn't heard the details about Talo's capture... But, Colin...
So you still prefer your master over me, huh, Epona? Don't worry about your horse, Link. Fortunately, it looks like the injury isn't too serious. You two can go on together. But, Link... Can you at least promise me this? No matter what happens on your journey, don't try to do anything...out of your league. Please. Just come home safely.
I found you! Oooh! Aren't you scary! Eeh hee! Are you sure you want to be doing that? Snarling and glaring at me? Well, that's too bad... I was planning on helping you...if you were nice. Eeh hee! That's much better! You humans are obedient to a fault, aren't you? Oops! But you AREN'T a human anymore, are you? You're a beast! Eeh hee! There, there. You be a good boy and calm down. No need to bite! You look kind of surprised! Eeh hee hee! So! I bet you're wondering, where exactly are we?! Well, I'll make you a deal. If you can get over here, maybe I'll tell you! Eeh hee! Come on! What's the matter with you? Get over here, now! If you can't force your way out, why don't you see if there's some kind of hole you can squeeze through? I mean, places like this are always full of holes, right?
Hmph! I guess you're not completely stupid after all! Listen, I like you, so I think I'll get you out of here. But in exchange for my help, you have to do EXACTLY as I say! If you need anything from me, just press (Up on D Pad) to give me a sign! So, are we all clear? Good. Now, come on! Get moving! Huh? What's that? Try pressing Z! You should know how to do this! Oh... Well, well... Eee hee hee! Want to see something interesting? You're a beast! You should know what to do! Use your senses with
and poke around...
Huff... Huff... Can't...run...any...farther... That's...far enough...right? I'll be safe here...I think... What was that noise?! Don't... Don't anything come near me!
I doubt you're used to your new body yet, so I'll just tell you... Think about how you fought enemies in your human form... Just because your shape has changed doesn't mean your instincts have as well!
What are these black things... Where are they coming from... And how do we get out of here?!
What are these black monsters... I've never seen anything like them...
This way! Over here! I'll be waiting for you, but you'll have to help yourself for a change! What are you doing? Do you ever try just looking down?
Please...I am but a lowly soldier. Please...someone save me from these evil creatures... Ahhhh!
Eee hee! Awww, did the detour tire you out, little wolf? By the way... Are you honing your senses with
like you should? It looks like the spirits in here... They're all soldiers. Where in the world could we be? Eee hee! You want out of here, right? OK! We're off!
Ugh... What are you doing? I guess I have to do EVERYTHING for you... I'll guide you to the sure footing, so target me with Z and follow me with A!
So... You know where we are yet? Eee hee! Well...if you go to the top, you might figure it out!
So, we were finally able to get out. And look at the sky! Isn't the black cloud of twilight looking beautiful today? Do you know where this is? You STILL don't know? Eee hee hee! Look, there's someone I want to introduce you to...but I'll need you to go to that tower to do it!
So there are even spirits up here, huh? This whole spirit thing is pretty new to you, isn't it? Even though these guys can see those monsters, they don't know a thing about you! If you think I'm lying, why don't you check it out? Hone your fine senses with
... Eee hee!
What... What are these monstrous birds? What in the world is happening here? Ah, our poor Hyrule Castle!
Look! Just a little farther!
...Midna?!
Eee hee! You remember my name? What an honor for me...
So, this is the one for whom you were searching...
He's not exactly what I had in mind, but...I guess he'll do.
...You were imprisoned? I am sorry.
Poor thing, he has no idea where this is or what's happened... So, don't you think you should explain to him what you've managed to do? You owe him that much... ...Twilight Princess! Eee hee!
Listen carefully... This was once the land where the power of the gods was said to slumber. This was once the kingdom of Hyrule. But that blessed kingdom has been transformed by the king that rules the twilight... It has been turned into a world of shadows, ruled by creatures who shun the light.
It is time for you to choose: surrender or die. Oh yes, a question for all the land and people of Hyrule... Life? Or death?!
Twilight covered Hyrule like a shroud, and without light, the people became as spirits. Within the twilight, they live on, unaware that they have passed into spirit forms... All the people know now is fear... Fear of a nameless evil... The kingdom succumbed to twilight, but I remain its princess... I am Zelda.
You don't have to look so sad! We actually find it to be quite livable! I mean, is perpetual twilight really all that bad?
Midna... This is no time for levity. The shadow beasts have been searching far and wide for you. Why is this?
Why indeed? You tell me! Eee hee hee!
Time has grown short. The guard will soon make his rounds. You must leave here, quickly. Please, you must leave quickly...before the guard comes.
Not that way! The guard's coming! Boy, he's prompt!
Eee hee hee! Well? Do you understand where we are now? I guess a promise is a promise, so I'll let you go back to where you first tumbled into twilight... But...are you really sure you should be going back? Are you sure you aren't forgetting anything important? Eee hee! Do you want to save them? Well, in that case, little Midna would be happy to help you! But... Well, you'd have to be my servant...and like a servant, you'd have to do exactly as I say! Why don't you go back, take a little time, and give it some thought. Eee hee hee!
Oh, that's right. I forgot to mention one thing... Though you may have left the darkened realm, you haven't transformed back to your former self...and you won't anytime soon! Now why could that be? Eee hee hee! See you later!
So, um, what next? Eee hee hee! Did you think I'd disappeared? Listen, there's another thing I forgot to tell you... Don't think you can just run off and save your friends, because you can't. Just beyond that bridge, the land is covered in twilight. Last time, a shadow beast pulled you through the curtain of twilight... But if you want to go that way this time, you'll need the cooperation of someone FROM the twilight...like me! So you really have no choice but to do what I say. Saving your friends and all that... Well, that'll depend on your actions... Because you never can trust words, you know. Right now, I want a sword and shield that'll suit me. You do understand me, don't you? Eee hee hee! So, what do you plan to do? While you're here dawdling, the twilight continues to expand. Come on! Hurry it up! Boy, you sure are thick! The land in that direction is covered in twilight! Only someone FROM the twilight can put you BACK in the twilight! So if you want to back in there, you have to do as I say and go find a sword and shield somewhere. Come on! How many times do I have to tell you? If you want to get back into the twilit Hyrule, you need to bring back both a shield and a sword.
Wait! I don't know what you've come here to do, but if you're going into town, be careful! THEY came and made both the forest and the village a mess... They kidnapped the children from the village... But you're different... You're not a bad thing, are you? I can tell, because you smell like the trees of Ordon... If you run into any trouble, try talking to the animals in town. We animals understand one another, so you'll be fine!
Ohhh... How did it come to this? The children... Please say nothing's happened... Please forgive your good-for-nothing father...
Huh? Fresh face, huh? You're a sharp one to realize that ya needed to come introduce yourself to me! If ya want to know anything about this town, I can tell ya. Whaddaya say?
Psssh... I can see ya tell it like it is... Lone wolf and all that...
Let me tell ya... This is usually a quiet little village, but there was a bit of a ruckus today. If you gotta know, monsters attacked the village and made off with the little brats. ...Ya look a bit like a monster yourself. If ya gonna be hangin' around town, ya may wanna stay outta sight of the people!
Whoa... You stink like the guy from the ranch... You didn't...EAT him, did you?! ...Huh? You're friends?
The town rascals used to play around here a lot, so there's lots of stuff buried nearby. If you dig with
, you might uncover something...
To humans, this must seem like just an average country town, but to us, it's paradise! You should take a good look around this town... You may see stuff sparkling brightly...or you may not, depending on how good your senses are. Were you able to see this town as I do? As a place sparkling with treasure? You take care of those senses!
Ribbit! Ribbit! ...I didn't think anyone would come calling, so I haven't thought of anything to say... Sorry... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh! About that shield...
Hey! Not so loud...
I checked, as we discussed.
M-Monsters! No use! Quick! Hide!
Were you trying to listen to the humans talk? Do you understand human words? That's amazing! I tried to listen with A, too, but I don't understand human words. If you sneak up on them and try listening, I bet you hear something good. If you're too far away, you can't hear, so you have to sneak up close and listen with A. If they're talking about food, you be sure to tell me about it.
H-Hey... Did the monsters leave?
Hoo... Hah... I think they scattered... We gotta hurry before the monsters find us again... You bring the shield that's at your house. I'll go to Rusl's place and get the sword we were to present in Hyrule. Hurry! I'm gonna have to go search for those children in Rusl's stead. He's too injured to move quick...
Gotcha, Mayor. I'll hurry and get the shield. You wait here...
No good! Run!
...So, that shield is still in your house, right?
Uh, yeah, it should be in our storage loft.
Good! Go grab it, quick as you can! Rusl got wounded pretty bad, so he can't go search for the kids. I'll take over for him.
But Rusl had a sword, Mayor! And he STILL got hurt! If you're unarmed, you're done for!
I'll be fine. The sword we were goin' to present to the royal family should still be at Rusl's house.
Oh yeah? All right, I understand, Mayor. I'll hurry up and get that shield. You just wait here...
No good! Run! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
That's not a bad bit of information you heard, huh? Ugh... Look at that open window. This village is full of idiots. So... We should jump up there...but from where?
MON-MONSTER! You've returned for more, haven't you?! My... My daughter... Return her! And TAKE THIS!
Were you attacked by that hawk? You're no match for him... I'm sorry! That person calling the hawk is my master's...husband. You could sneak up from behind and scare him, meow. You smell the same as the ranch hand named Link, so I know you're a nice wolf!
Nighttime walks are so nice, aren't they?! I hope I find something good buried today! I love digging holes and looking for treasure! Look around using your senses and use
to dig in suspicious areas. You're sure to find something!
C'mon, let's get up on the roof from here and scare that guy. Look at him...posing like he's all important... Wait until he sees us! Eee hee hee!
WHOA!
Eee hee! Found it! Found it! It looks...kind of cheap... All right, then... Next is a sword. Hurry up and get one!
You smell the same as the ranch hand named Link, so I know you're a nice wolf! My senses are keen, so I just know these things! You have good sense too, right? Though Link doesn't seem so good at stuff like that...
What was that sound?! The children could not have returned...could they? I must go out and search one last time. You get inside the house. I have placed the sword that was to be our gift to Hyrule on the couch. If the mayor comes for it, please give it to him.
But, darling...your injuries!
Beast! I have found you! Foul BEAST!
All right... So now you have a sword. Looks like you can actually be useful when you concentrate! All right... No more detours. I'm going to take you back into the twilight. Go back to the woods where you first transformed into that shape!
Ah... To be a wolf on a night when the moon rides high... Beautiful! Tell me, is your true form a human who is not currently in the town? ...Nah, Just teasing! You're lucky... Your sharpened senses and your soft-looking coat... Lovely! The earth in this area is so soft and fluffy... I love this spot! Your hair looks soft and fluffy, too... Now I have ANOTHER favorite thing! Ahh... You're lovely... I want you to fix me with those keen eyes and use your senses!
Wait... Come...to my spring... You have...been transformed...by the power...of shadow... Come...to me... Beware...A shadow being...it approaches...
O brave youth... I am one of four light spirits that protect Hyrule at the behest of the gods. I am Ordona. The black beast you slayed was a shadow being. It had come to seize the power of light I wield. My brethren in Hyrule have already had their light stolen by these fell beasts. The entire kingdom has been reduced to a netherworld ruled by the cursed powers of darkness. The blight will not stop with Hyrule. Before long, the entire world of light will fall into the hands of the king who rules the twilight. To save this land from the king of twilight, the lost light must be recovered. The three light spirits who have lost their light must be revived. There is but one who can revive them and redeem this land... You. You still have not discovered your true power... Those transformed by twilight usually cannot recover their original forms... Unless... If you were to return Faron Woods where you were first transformed... If you were to revive the light spirit... There, by the power of the light spirit, you may find the means to regain your other state of being...
Hey... Look... The Faron Woods that you know so well... They're now covered in twilight. You might not be able to come back here, but... Do you still want to go?
It really doesn't matter to me what you do... The only thing that'll happen if you just stand here is the steady spread of twilight... Eee hee! Want me to let you into the twilight?
Wait... This is wrong...
Hmm! So these are the weapons you use in your world? You really think this thing can slay the creatures of twilight? ...Well, I won't use these, but I'll hang on to them for you! All right, a promise is a promise... I trust you enough to help. In exchange for my help, though, I need you to gather some things for me. Look, I can't tell you all the details now, but it'll be easy, trust me... But enough about that. Do you hear that noise? It's the lamentation of the spirit that had its light stolen... Where in the world could it be? Eee hee! Better get going, don't you think? Don't blame me for your world's fate if you don't hurry up and find that light! Come on! Snap to it!
Aww... We're penned in again! Pffft! Who do they think they're dealing with? No need to take these little pests on one at a time, right? You can take them all at once! So... You can handle this by yourself, can't you? Good luck! 'Bye!
What's the holdup? If you leave the last one alive, it's just going to use that shriek to bring the others back. Listen, let me help you out here! Just move like I tell you! You just hold down B and I'll expand an energy field. Enclose all of your enemies within it and release the button!
...Please...be careful... These woods...have changed... The dark clouds of dusk cover this land... This drape of shadows is called...twilight. In this twilight, those who lived in the light...become as mere spirits...it is a place...where the dark ones and evil creatures dwell... ...I...am a spirit...of light... ...Blue-eyed beast. Look...for my light... Retrieve the light stolen by the dark beasts...and keep it...in this vessel. In the shadows of twilight...the dark insects are as...invisible...as normal beings are here... Let me use the last of my power...to reveal the locations of the dark insects...that consumed the light... ...Find...the insects of darkness... The dark insects... They are the form taken by evil...once it has latched on to...our scattered light... Mark...these words... In the shadows of twilight...the dark insects are as...invisible...as normal beings are here... Please...look in the places I have marked on your map and recover the Tears of Light from these...insects of darkness...
Wait! Wait! Don't go too far! You still have stuff to do here in these woods, don't you? Come back! Hm... Looks like we can get in there! Well, well... A spirit in here, too...
Wh...What's with these bugs? Those things aren't normal! They're so big... So weird... So creepy... C'mon, get away, bugs... Shoo... Get out of here... Awww, come on, bugs... I mean, gimme a break, guy... You can't just wander around people's houses like that... You stay away, bugs... Seriously, just back off...
Wha...WHAAT? They just...died? Oh, boy, I have NO idea what's going on around here... Are there more of those bugs...outside? Ohh... Maybe I should just lay low for a while...
Now, see... That's what I was warning you about. I'm telling you, I don't think we're going to get through here too easily. So... What'll we do?
Hey... Think we can get across over here? There! Let's cross over there!
Yeek eek! Help!
Someone... Someone helped me? Boy, lucky for me... Ever since the boss went funny in the head, there've been scary monsters everywhere... Those village kids got led through the woods for some reason... The whole forest is so weird now... What's happened? The boss is threatening his friends... The village kids got kidnapped... I mean, what's going on in these woods now, anyway?
The Vessel of Light is full of tears, and light has returned to this area!
Aww, but it was so nice here in the twilight... What's so great about a world of light, anyway? Eee hee hee! See you later!
My name is Faron. I am one of the spirits of light who dwell in Hyrule. I use the life force of the gods to protect this forest. O brave youth... In the land covered in twilight, where people roam as spirits, you were transformed into a blue-eyed beast... That was a sign... It was a sign that the powers of the chosen one rest within you...and that they are awakening. Look at your awakened form... The green tunic that is your garb once belonged to the ancient hero chosen by the gods... His power is yours. His is the true power that slept within you. Your name is Link. You are the hero chosen by the gods. Brave Link... A dark power rests in the temple deep within these woods. It is a forbidden power. Long, long ago, I and the other spirits of light locked it away. Because of its nature, it is a power that should never be touched by any who dwell in the light. But this world weeps beneath a mantle of shadows, and so there is no choice... You must match the power of the king of shadows. If you would seek this forbidden power, then proceed to the temple in the forest depths.
Well, well... You're the chosen hero and all that, huh? So THAT'S why you turned into that beast! What a shame... I mean, maybe you'd rather just wander as a spirit like the rest of them, totally unaware of what was happening for all eternity...right? Eee hee hee! So... What do you want to do? Do you want to head to that temple? Well, isn't that convenient! I was about to head there myself. Hey, look... You want to help your friends, right? The way I see it, maybe they're in the temple, waiting for you to rescue them... Well, good luck, Mr. Important Hero! Eee hee hee! See you later! Now, then... It's finally time for that weapon I worked so hard to get! You probably already know this, but...swing
to wield your sword and use Z to defend with your shield. I'm so helpful, aren't I? Eee hee hee! Just think of me when you use those, OK?
Hey! Just where do you think you're going? We still have an important errand at the temple deep in the woods.
Hunh?! So... It's the Ordonian! You seemed familiar, but then your clothes seem kinda different, so I got thrown off for a second! Listen... Things have been a little rough around here lately, so you should watch your step, OK, guy? There are so many monsters now... I got kinda scared and closed off the path to the temple. But... You, guy... You wanna get back there, huh? You sure do looked geared up for it... So here you go!
Oh yeah... The woods on the other side of the cave are covered in really thick fog, so make sure your lantern is full! You're definitely going to need to use your lantern a lot in there, so bring all the oil you can!
Hey, what's this monkey's problem? You idiot! While you were staring off into dreamland, your lantern got stolen!
Hey! What are you going to do about that monkey? She's got your lantern! We need to chase her! Hey, aren't you forgetting something? Hey! Hey! HEY! What are you thinking? Don't you DARE ignore me! You're forgetting the lantern!
You got the lantern back! It ran out of oil while you were following the monkey around...
Woo! Hey! Woo! You're super! Now just buy something! Hey! Welcome! Hey! Buy something! Anything!
Hey! What a generous young man! Thank you! Hey! Thank you! Come back sometime! Hey!
HERO'S SHADE A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage. You may be destined to become the hero of legend...but your current power would disgrace the proud green of the hero's tunic you wear. You must use your courage to seek power...and find it you must. Only then will you become the hero for whom this world despairs. If you do find true courage, and you wish to save Hyrule from the horrors it now faces... Then you will be worthy to receive the secrets I hold! Enemies that are filled with energy will quickly recover and attack again even when stunned by a powerful strike. The ending blow is a secret technique you can use on stunned enemies to end their breath before they spring back into action. When an enemy lies collapsed on the ground, stunned, Z-target and press A without delay to leap high into the air and deliver a final strike. When the opportunity to end their breath is before you, you will see Finish A appear vividly before your eyes. Now, try it on me! What ails you?! The most basic aspect of swordplay is Z-targeting! Do not tell me you have forgotten that! To stun an enemy and knock him down, you must strike repeatedly with powerful attacks. Powerful moves like the jump attack and spin attack, or rapid and repeated sword strikes are most effective. What is the matter? Did not the Finish A image appear before your eyes? Coward... The moment the enemy is felled, you must lock on and strike with A! Try it again!
Hmm. That was a pinpoint strike. Never overlook your opportunity to finish with A! The first hidden skill, the ending blow, has been passed on!
You learned the first hidden skill, the ending blow! When a foe falls, lock on with Z and deliver a final blow with A! HERO'S SHADE There are still six hidden skills for you to learn. Those are only for one who carries the blood of the hero...the one whose spirit is that of the sublime beast. Grow powerful. Test your courage. And when you find that you need another skill to overcome the threats that face you... Search for the statues that howl with the sound of the wind. Seek the sound that calls to the spirit of the beast to awaken me again. A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage. Remember those words... Farewell!
Hey! That's the monkey that stole your lantern! Doesn't it look like she's beckoning you? Aren't you the popular one? Eee hee! Hmm... What are you doing, turning the lights on? You might as well light them all and make this place really bright!
Oh! What's going on?! Has there been a monkey fight?! Oh no! Now we can't go any farther. We might as well go back. I don't know what's going on, but it seems like she wants to take you somewhere, so maybe you should just follow her.
Phew! Out at last! Gracious... Once I got in there, I couldn't squeeze back out! You were a big help... Thanks! I've been looking for something in here, you see. Gracious, yes! You must need something here, too. Shall we try working together for a while, fellow adventurer? You may not think I look like much, but I can be quite helpful! I can even warp you out of here if you want to leave! So don't think of me as a burden! Now let's get started! Ooh! Did you want to leave? I can warp you right out! You can return right here, so there are no worries!
Oh, goodness... Aren't you a trooper! Well, don't push it too hard. If you need a breath of fresh, outside air, just give me a holler!
Yes, yes! Now... Leave it to me! Let me introduce you! This is Ooccoo Jr.! Anytime you want to warp back to this spot from outside, ask him. If you want to meet me at the entrance rather than warping here, just go there and I'll meet you! Now, bon voyage, you two! OOCCOO JR. Wanna go back to my mama? (Not yet.} OK! I wanna stay here too!
You got it! Mama, here we come!
Well, well! Welcome back! Without further ado, we're off!
I am the Fairy of Winds who resides in this boomerang. You have freed me from evil, and I now have my true power back. Please... Take it with you, use it to aid your quest, and may both my power and my blessing go with you. If you focus power in your boomerang before releasing it, it will unleash the power of wind, aiding you in unforeseen ways.
I bet even the monkeys should be satisfied now. OK, let's continue combing this place. We already found something good, so let's keep searching places we haven't looked yet.
Well, I guess there are still some monkeys you haven't freed yet! At this point, you should just save them all and see what you can get for it!
Well, if it isn't something useful. As long as you have that, you should be able to find where the captured monkeys are, right? I guess in order for us to check the temple out completely, we need the help of the monkeys. Ah well... Let's help the rest of them!
Eee hee hee! Well done! That's...what I was looking for. That's a Fused Shadow. It's what the light spirit called dark power... Do you remember what that spirit said? About how you had to match the power of the king of shadows? Could it really be so easy? Is this all there is to it? Eee hee hee! There's a total of three Fused Shadows. I think the other light spirits have the rest... If you want to know exactly what Fused Shadows are... Well, maybe I'll tell you if you find the other two. I guess you'd better do your best to find them, huh? Eee hee hee! So let's not waste any more time here when we could be looking for the other two... I'll get you out of here... You pick up the Heart Container that fell out of that thing. Want to go outside? Are you all done here?
Heroic Link... Do not think that Hyrule is now saved from the spread of twilight... Leave these woods and go to the west, where you will find the land protected by the spirit Eldin. There you will find those you seek... But know that these lands lie in twilight... They are now a dark realm covered by the clouds of dusk. If you set foot beyond the curtains of twilight, you will revert to your beast form, so be prepared. Hero chosen by the gods, leave these woods and go west, to the land of the spirit Eldin.
That's better. Searching should be much easier now. Eee hee! But... Of course, you feel the need to go help the other light spirits, don't you? Well, don't worry. When you turn into a beast again, I'll take good care of you. The first thing you need to do is find the land covered in twilight. Once you do, I'll help you out. Eee hee hee! See you later!
HEEEEEEY! Go no further! There is a black wall ahead that blocks the way! I thought I would deliver a few letters, but it seems impossible... I am the honorable and dependable letter carrier, known to some as...the postman. Now that I have introduced myself, please! Take this letter and read it at your leisure! To read a letter, press + to open your Collection screen and select the letter. You can do that to read any letters you receive. Do it whenever you see fit! Well, my business is concluded! Onward to mail!
Hey, it was much closer than I thought... You remember, right? You know what this is? If you set foot in there, you might be a wolf again for quite some time... For at least as long as it takes you to save the light of Eldin from the twilight, anyway... So, shall we try to go see the light spirit Eldin? Eee hee! Want me to let you into the twilight?
That's a good boy! Now, you need to listen to what I say from now on! Ahh, look! How lovely! The black clouds of twilight are so fetching today... I feel so much more at ease here... And you look so much better like this than in those dusty old clothes, anyway. Eee hee! So, let's get going!
That won't work! Give it up! Did you hear me? You can't return to the world of light that easily!
See, isn't being a wolf more convenient? Now, use (D Pad) to hone your senses! You've begun to reawaken as a wolf, I think. Eee hee! What's this?! That's strange... The bridge is gone... I wonder if this is the work of those shadow creatures... Ugh... What a pain! Ah well, let's look for it... You! Get your map out! The yellow arrow marks where we are. You knew that, right? Whenever you destroy those creatures from the darkness, a portal opens that looks like this on the map. You hear me? It's called a portal. You'd better remember that! And...in those woods we came through... Yes! It's got to be around there... I'll use my power to take you to the location of the open portal... Pick where you want to go. What are you doing? Pick which one you want!
See! I told you. We're here! You know, most people can't leave the twilight that easily. You'd better be grateful! It's your job to look for the bridge! Look hard!
Hahhhh... It's rough, having to watch a shop in this unpopular part of town... Even though I watch after this shop every day, he never shows any appreciation... I think my master probably didn't get much praise growing up...
Wow! It's perfect, don't you think? What do you think? Should we take it?
Good little obedient wolf!
Hey... Have you looked around at all? That thing doesn't look like it belongs here, does it? The more I look at it, the more perfect it becomes! Maybe you just don't understand...
How many times do I have to say it?! It's perfect for the bridge! OK?! (Warp} You should've listened to me from the beginning!
No! This isn't the right place! Get serious! Do it over!
See! Just as I thought... Eee hee! So, isn't the power of twilight amazing? Call me if you need the power again. It should help you find what we're looking for, don't you think? All right! Let's keep going!
Huh... What are they doing there? This is a pretty elaborate gate... What are they trying to keep in? ...Or out? I bet it'll be worth our while to dig in...
To the hero...who was transformed into a blue-eyed beast...in the realm of shadows... In twilight... ...This way... ...I am...a spirit...of light... Hero...chosen by the gods... Look for...my light... Gather the light stolen by the shadows...into this... ...The insects of darkness... They are the form taken...by the evil that attached itself...to my scattered light... In this shadowy twilight...the shadow insects are invisible, much as the people from your light world are... With the last of my power...let me mark your map...with the locations...of the tears that have turned into...shadow insects... But...be careful... The darkness...now hunts you...
Hey, you can climb up here!
Cripes! I don't see those black brutes anywhere... They've gotta be hidin' somewhere, waitin' for their helpless little prey to come out! Then they'll FEAST!
We are safe as long as we remain in here, child. Be at ease.
Oh yeah? I wonder if the monsters out there agree with you... They sure didn't seem impressed by my bombs! How long do you think we can hold this sanctuary against beasts that strong, huh? Once they attack, it's OVER! Remember that lady from the general store? Just one of those things attacked her, and a whole gang from town went to save her! And what happened? She was already gone, and there were TWO monsters waitin'! ...You connectin' the dots? That means that if we get attacked by them, then we'll be...
BARNES!
Look, Renado... All I mean to say is that it's risky here, too! Ain't you got some place we can hide?
There is...a cellar.
WHAAT? You've got a CELLAR?! Where's the entrance, man?
The entrance to the cellar is designed to open when all of the candles have been lit...
...I...would not do that. When Father instructed me to secure the cellar, I saw insects like the beasts outside...
Don't cry, Beth! It'll be OK! Link is coming to save us all! ...I can feel it!
These kids knew you'd come to save them! What a hero! How sad, to be right in front of someone and not be noticed at all... Eee hee hee! You are chosen by the gods, and only that keeps you from turning into a spirit, or worse, into a dark monster, when you enter twilight. And no one knows what you have done... You may be doomed to toil in obscurity forever... You're the type to worry about everything, I can tell...but don't fret over Princess Zelda! She chose this state of affairs, after all... Anyway, what's with having to light candles to get to the basement?! Not very subtle, is it... So, what are you going to do now? My lonely little hero... Eee hee!
Cripes! Seems like everyone's tryin' to pull a fast one these days. Boy, I don't have a clue who this Link fella is...but I've gotta say, I ain't overly confident he's gonna come save this village!
As things are now, it is likely safest for us to remain here...
What sorcery is this?! The entrance to the cellar opening on its own... Could these beasts have engineered even this?
...How about that? Looks like you can climb the scaffolding...
If you're done with your errand, then let's get out of here.
Huh?! What did you do?! Sorry, but as romantic as this is, I'm not going to stay here with you. I'm getting out! HEY! If you don't hurry up and get out... Ooh, I can't even say it! Hmm... I don't suppose there's any nicer way to hunt these things, huh? Well, you had to sacrifice someone's house to find Tears of Light...but that's how the cookie crumbles, right?
Looks like the path's impassable...but I can get you up it if you want to go.
Ugh... Why do I have to stand guard... The ladder is destroyed, so it is not like any humans will come up... And what is with the elders? If we have a problem the humans can help with, we should ask. It is better than suffering for the sake of pride. Repelling humans by force... What a depressing job... Must keep humans out... GORON #1 Why do I have to stand guard at a dead end at the bottom of a cliff like this... ...Wait a second! Have they tucked me out of the way because they think I am useless? Grrr! I do not like being made an outcast on the fringes like this... If I see anyone suspicious, I am going to show my strength. Yes, I will send the trespasser flying! GORON #2 Psssh! Hot! Another fumarole... And once again, it is in the worst possible place! I suppose this path is impassable now... If I were to go down that way...I would get knocked back in an instant, I am sure of it! If my legs were as strong as the elders' legs, I might be able to stomp my way down there...
Aw, I was just starting to have fun! Don't forget that Fused Shadow! Eee hee hee! See you later!
My name is Eldin. I am one of the light spirits of Hyrule. I am the spirit that guards these lands. O great hero chosen by the gods... The dark power you seek lies in the sacred grounds of the proud mountain dwellers. But already those grounds have been defiled, draped in shadow and seeded with evil. You must go to those sacred grounds and cleanse them.
Link?!
Ha ha ha! See, Beth?! I TOLD you Link would save us!
...You are the one from Ordon whom these children spoke of? We are well met. I am Renado, shaman of this town. And this... This is my daughter, Luda.
The beasts took us and left us to die...but Mr. Renado found us.
At first, I couldn't believe they had come from so distant a place as the Ordona Province...
Yeah, I... We don't remember much. All of a sudden everyone was captured, and then...until now...it's been like...
...A nightmare.
Yeah! It was like a terrible dream and we couldn't wake up...
Mmm... Nightmares are everywhere these days, it seems. This village has certainly seen its share of recent hardships... The dark beasts attacked, but even worse was the sudden and inexplicable change in the mountain-dwelling Goron tribe. They had long been our friends, but suddenly treated us as foes. Even now they refuse to permit us entry into their mines. It strains the limits of belief... To think that such a gentle and proud tribe could change so suddenly... It makes me wonder if something in those mines is the cause of this change... In any case, you must take these children and flee this village before more nightmares descend. I, of course, cannot leave my village in such a time. There is no telling what may happen to us here... ...But it is my job to try to coax the Gorons back from their recent change of heart. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I don't wanna leave all these people just to save ourselves!
Come on, Link! Can't you do something?
Isn't there...some way to make up with the Gorons?
You'd think someone could go to the mines and do something...
Link. Trying to go near the mines is very dangerous. I will be very sad to be separated from Colin and the others...but I know they must go. Please return them safely to their parents.
I do not know what is in the Goron mines, but surely they will soon come to understand it, and right what is wrong. Do not concern yourself with me, my son. You must flee this place as quickly as you can.
Ah! No humans allowed! These lands ahead belong to the Goron tribe! The elder said no humans may pass!
A weak spirit is no match for the might of the Gorons! Do you understand me, human? Then away with you! Ho! You are back again, human? You will never pass! You cannot hope to match our brute force! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ah, how fortunate you are in one piece! I saw you heading up the mountain trail, so I was worried. Are you trying to reach the Gorons of Death Mountain? It is far too dangerous, Link! They recognize only strength! A normal person could never persuade them... But...I do know one person who was able to best them and earn their trust... His name is Bo. You may know him as the mayor of your hometown, Ordon. Please, go to him. And while you are there, please let him know that the children are safe. Of course, getting them back would be best...but we could not keep them safe from the monsters on the road without a horse and cart... Please... Return to Ordon and inform the parents that their children are free from harm. Give them my word. I think it is best for you to return to Ordon and let everyone know that the children are safe. And as for the Gorons...I am sure Bo will be able to tell you how best to win their trust!
Huh? Aren't you going to grab it? Riding that horse would be much faster than hoofing it, so let's try and grab it!
Hmm... You're not too shabby a wrangler after all! Won't this make getting back to your town a lot easier? Now go finish your errand so we can get back! Get a move on!
Cripes... My storehouse... My powder... What happened?! Them... Them foul beasts... Curse 'em all!
MR. Link! WAAAAAAIT! Greetings, Mr. Link! I have come to deliver a letter. It is a letter from Ooccoo. Well, my business is concluded! Onward to mail!
What's that?! The children?! Oh... Oh! So, they're in Kakariko Village! Oh, thank goodness they're all still alive! I was worried sick... Phew... Finally, I can get back to work in peace... Link, need something? You should take a look around and see if there's anything you want! Of course I want them to come home as soon as possible, but for now, it's probably safer for the folk in Kakariko to look after them... But tell me this, Link... If you're going out there again, then how are your travel preparations coming along? If there's something you're looking for, m'dear, you can use
to see if we have it.
Link... The... The children are ALIVE?! Wh-What? They're alive! This is fantastic! Truly fantastic! Oh, thank you for letting me know, Link! Have you told all of the others yet? If you haven't, you must spread the word. Put their worst fears to rest!
Yo, Link! What's the latest? Have you gotten any clues about where our tykes might be? Huh? They're in Kakariko?! Boy, that's a fine fix! We're gonna have to tell the mayor about that right away! Well, what the heck are you doing, Link? Go tell the mayor!
The-The children! They're alive?! Oh... Oh, thank heavens! I'd almost given up hope for them... Thank you so much for coming to tell me, Link! Thank goodness the children are still alive... You must tell all of the others!
Oh! Colin... Colin is...alive?! Oh! The children are all safe! Oh, how wonderful! I am so glad I kept the faith... My thanks to you, Link. From the bottom of my heart. Have you told everyone else yet? You must tell them all! I am so happy that everyone is safe... And you... You have really grown to become an impressive swordsman over time... I wish I could tell my husband, as well... The moment his wounds healed, he left to find those young ones. Hopefully he will stop by Kakariko Village... I do not know his whereabouts, so it may not reach him... I will try to send him a letter with this fine news. Oh, I must write one to Colin, too! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Link?! Whoa, it IS you, Link! You're safe and sound! Your clothes... What happened to you, lad? C-Come quick! Inside! I see... So the young'uns are in Kakariko Village! Well, that's good... Renado is an old friend. If they're in his care, then we can relax. So... Don't keep me waitin', lad! Tell me of my little girl! Ilia is with the rest of 'em, right? ...Oh! I see... That ain't what I wanted to hear... Ahh... But Link... I guess I need to think of all five of those poor kids, not just my own... They're all in danger. What I should be askin' is how I can help out... What's that, now? The Gorons of Death Mountain? I see... So Renado told you that... Well, it's true...I did defeat the Gorons in a contest of strength and earned their trust. ...With the help of a little secret. I CAN teach you the secret...but can you promise that you absolutely, positively will NOT disclose it to anyone?
I see... Well, you understand I can't teach the secret to a fella who won't protect it. It's a cryin' shame... Eh? You rethink your answer to my question, lad? If you give me your word that you ain't gonna divulge it, I'll teach you the secret to defeatin' the Gorons... Like, say, Renado, for example. You wouldn't tell him, would you? ...Can you gimme your word?
Good. All righty, then. Absolutely no one! Come this way. Link, you've heard of sumo wrestlin', right? Gorons like to match strength in sumo contests. Luckily for you, the basics of sumo are the same as stoppin' chargin' goats... You wanna hear more?
All righty, then, I'll teach you the basics of the ways of sumo. If you're gettin' in a sumo match, chances are you're in an arena like this. The first fella to push his foe outside the arena wins. Step forward and grab your foe with A. Strike a fleein' foe with
and sidestep an attackin' foe with
. Three techniques, all of 'em pretty basic. Master all three and you'll be shovin' folks out of the arena in no time, lad! ...So, there you go: the basics of sumo. Need to hear them again?
Hmm... Well, the basics are important, lad, so I'll explain 'em to you as many times as it takes, all righty?
Rather than explain a lot, why don't we just get to it? Come into the ring, lad.
What's the matter, Link? Did you think I was gonna take it easy on you? If you can't prevail in a match like this, then you'd have NO chance against a Goron! For example, if you're about to be grabbed, sidestep with
. All righty. If you understand... Come at me again!
For example... If you're grabbed, try to break loose with A! Push your foe away to escape your predicament. All right. If you understand... Come at me again!
If you're lookin' to know the secrets to defeatin' the Gorons, then first you've gotta have the basics of sumo pounded into you. I'm happy to be the one to do it, lad. Come on back anytime! You wanna spar some more, Link? Listen, you wanna beat the Gorons? Then defeat me in sumo! ...Then we'll talk, lad.
I see...but I want to do everythin' I can to help you rescue the kids in Kakariko... So anytime you want to practice with me, lemme know.
All right, then! First, we change! Then, we sumo!
Hmph! You seem to understand the basics. All righty, next time I won't go easy on you, lad. Fight me as if you were fightin' one of the Gorons!
What was that, eh? You've gotta put your back into it, lad! I shared the spirit of the sumo with you, lad, and you've gotta remember it! For example... Use
to strike a foe who tries to sidestep.
For example, if your strike is effective, follow it up by grabbin' with A!
Whoa ho! Not too shabby, lad! With your natural talent, I'm sure you can take on the Gorons... You've got a sight stronger in the short time you've been gone, Link... Strong as you are, though, you can't hope to beat the Gorons wrestlin' with power alone. Those Gorons are made of rock! Naw, the secret to beatin' the Gorons...is locked away in that chest. Take it with you, lad. Go on, lad. Open the chest.
Hey, hang on! Wait! You've gotta defeat the Gorons, right? Well, you're not going to do it without this little secret of mine!
You can probably tell, those boots are made of iron, lad. Whoever wears 'em won't easily be pushed around...even by a Goron. If you're fixin' to fight a Goron, be sure to wear those boots. ...Let's be square, though, lad: You can't ever tell ANYONE about those boots! 'Specially Renado! What's the matter? You've gotta hurry to Death Mountain and help the people of Kakariko! ...But you absolutely CAN'T tell anyone about the boots! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Link! N-No foolin'?! The tots are safe?! An' on top of that, they're all in Kakariko Village?! Aw, shucks, you don't need to worry 'bout that now. You're incredible, bud! I can already see everybody's smilin' faces! Well, hey there, Link! Brought Epona, huh? Well, how's about it? Wanna round them goats up for the first time in a dog's age? I bet those scamps are sure happy to see you!
Aw... Well, I guess it can't be helped, what with you havin' a lot on your plate these days. I'll find a way to manage things here at the ranch without y'all. You do what you gotta do what you gotta do to take care of the village! You leave those scamps to me. I'll manage without y'all somehow! Besides, Link, c'mon... Can't you find a way to get Ilia and the tots back here just a hair quicker? (Sure thing!) Great! Then I'll leave it to you two today! What's wrong, Link? You callin' it quits?
It ain't like you to quit in the middle of a job... But I reckon it can't be helped, what with all that's on our plate these days... I'll find a way to manage the rest on my own. Y'all go on and don't worry about me none!
Well, in that case, hurry up and herd them goats into the barn.
What's the story, Link? It ain't like you to take
. But still, thanks to you, I did wrap things up early. Much obliged!
Hoo, way to ride, Link! You wrapped that up in just
! Thanks to you, I wrapped things up a mite earlier today! Hey, as promised, here's a little healthy gift for y'all. Good luck out there, bud! It's a good thing I was able to wrap early today thanks to you helpin' me out, bud. Thanks a ton, Link.
We can just let the goats eat a messy-looking letter like this.
...Help him...
What... What should we do? Colin... Oh, Colin...
Ah... Oh, no...
...............
Link! Hurry! They fled north toward the field!
Link... Is everyone...OK? ...Good. Beth... I'm sorry. You know...for shoving you. Are you mad? I... I think I finally understand. I understand what my dad meant when he told me I needed to be stronger, like you, Link... He wasn't talking about strength, like lifting stuff. He was talking about being brave... Link... You saved me, didn't you? You... You can do anything. You can do something to help the Gorons in the mine too, can't you, Link?
I can't believe Colin... I mean, that was a really brave thing for him to do, huh? Especially since he's such a weakling! Um... He IS gonna be all right, right? And Malo! He hasn't even come by to say "Get well soon!" What's he thinking? He said he was gonna "get started," and he hasn't come out of that closed-up shop since! Link, could you talk some sense into that kid? That crazy little Malo... He went to the shop, and now he's up to something in there! He said he needed to "get started," but what's he need in a closed-up shop, anyhow?
Hey... You can look at stuff, but don't you DARE just take things... That's MY valuable merchandise. You want it, you pay for it... I decided to take on this unmanned shop... Buy something... It helps the whole village if you... Maybe I can't become a hero...but I figure I can help people out with heroic business deals. You'd better work hard, too...
Do not worry. He merely sleeps. So long as he continues to rest, he shall eventually open his eyes. And these two are doing a fine job of nursing him back to health... You two! Be calm in here! I shall watch over the children of Ordon, I swear it. They shall never encounter danger while I breathe. I will take full responsibility for them until they are returned safely to their village. You need not worry for them.
Just leave Colin to me! You'll see, Link! Promise! I'll make him all better while you're up on the Gorons' mountain!
Are you going to see Gorons, Link? I am sorry you have to do this task for us. I will be here with Colin, so please, do not worry about him. Leave his care to me! I just hope you can do something about the Gorons... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey now! It's you. Yeah, so I've been thinkin' 'bout gettin' things sorted out so I can go ahead and reopen my shop... ...Thing is, I can't get the materials I need from the Gorons anymore... Man, I ain't got a CLUE what to do! Cripes, those danged Gorons... They're sure takin' their sweet time gettin' me my materials!
Whoa... This looks dangerous... Is this the traditional Death Mountain welcome? Eee hee!
There have been few sumo matches lately... Talk about boring, Brother. I suppose it is because young Gorons these days have no interest in old arts like sumo. And former powerhouse Gor Coron is an elder... There is not much we can do, Brother. Without sumo matches, the hot spring is the only thing we have to look forward to, Brother.
Sitting in a hot spring warms up your body and soul...and gradually fills you up with energy, Brother. Even Gorons need to cleanse their spirits once in awhile...
Sitting in an open-air bath at night is the best, Brother! I could spend countless hours here looking at the stars! Ahhhhhhhhh!
Ahhhh... Nice and hot. Just like I like it... What? What is a human doing here? I thought the elders told us not to let humans near the mountain, but... I suppose it is no business of mine. Come into the hot spring and refresh yourself, Brother! I heard there is also a hot spring down at the base of the mountain, in Kakariko Village. When the day comes that we can travel freely between the mountain and the village, I would love to try it out for myself!
ENOUGH! Is this young one such an imposing enemy that you must all gang up on him? I think not, Little Brothers. I am a Goron elder, little human. I am called Gor Coron. Because of certain...circumstances, I must lead the Goron tribe in place of Darbus, our tribal patriarch. Tell me, little human, do you come from the village below? You have done well to come this far. You are strong...for a human. However... The mines beyond here are sacred to my tribe. Outsiders are not allowed. Unless... I could make an exception...but you would have to beat me in a contest of power. Are you willing to try, little human?
Attention, Little Brothers. The human with the pointed hat is going home. Be polite and see him on his way. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ GORON COUNCIL #1 The fact that the guards could not stop one puny human from getting in here is a humiliation for all Gorons. GORON COUNCIL #2 If you do not leave, I will take the elder's place and give you a thumping you will not forget. GORON COUNCIL #3 The elder, Gor Coron, was the tribe's patriarch before Darbus, Brother. He may be old, but if you do not treat him with respect, you will pay dearly for it. GORON COUNCIL #4 Urrgh... There is no way a puny creature like you could be a match for us! GORON COUNCIL #5 This is no place for humans! Away with you! GORON COUNCIL #6 Unless you cheat or use some dirty tricks, you have no chance. And if you do cheat...you will pay dearly. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I must always remember that this path connects to a very important place. No human outsider must pass! GORON GUARD #1 You cannot go any farther unless the elder gives you permission. GORON GUARD #2 No entry without the elder's permission, human. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
You again, little human? What are you doing back here?
Bah... Do not waste my time, little human. Leave immediately.
You have asked for it, little human. And now you will get it.
Your body is skinny, Brother, and so you are too light. You do not stand a chance. Try again later, Brother... Eh? What is it? Do you want to try again, little human?
All right, Little Brothers, see the human off, please.
You think you are tough, do you? Let us find out.
Oh ho ho... Just being powerful is nothing special, Brother. Try again later, Brother...
Young warrior... You have a strong will...and sharp eyes. Fine traits... Want to see how well you can use them? You have seen it, I would bet... The mountain, erupting without pause... When the mountain began to rage, all four of us elders and Darbus, our patriarch, went inside to investigate its anger. We have a treasure that was entrusted to us by the spirits, and we must protect it. Do you understand? But the moment Darbus reached out and touched the treasure...everything went wrong. He collapsed...and before our very eyes transformed into an unspeakable monster! He began to rage through the mines, trailing ruin behind him...and the eruptions grew more frequent and more severe. We used all of our strength to seal him deep inside the mountain... It...grieved us to do this to our patriarch...but we had no other course of action. I ask this favor of you, young warrior... Go to the aid of Darbus! Make no mistake, the spirits have guided you here. I, Gor Coron, need your help... On behalf of my entire clan, I ask of your aid! ...You two! Let the young warrior pass! The mines are full of traps, all placed to protect the treasure from thieves. And worse than traps... Since the eruptions began, foul creatures of all shapes have settled into every corner of the mines. Getting to the patriarch's location will not be easy. I would prepare your blade, young warrior. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ GORON COUNCIL #1 The fact that you got by so many Gorons to get here was shocking...but to beat the elder... I am in utter disbelief. Neither humans nor Gorons should make judgments based on appearance, I suppose... GORON COUNCIL #2 I am glad we heeded the elder's words and did not attack you, Brother. It might have been we who were sent flying... GORON COUNCIL #3 You defeated the elder, so it is possible you may be able to save our patriarch, Brother... Please, Brother! Help the Goron tribe...and all of Death Mountain! GORON COUNCIL #4 Who would have imagined the elder losing... I know! The elder let you win! There is no other way a tiny thing like you could have won! GORON COUNCIL #5 These mines are sacred ground that even we rarely enter, Brother. But we do not have the strength to save the patriarch... We have no choice, Brother... GORON COUNCIL #6 You... Did you really win? Without cheating? If I find out that you cheated, human, you will pay.
Hey! Wait up, Brother! If you are headed down, I recommend using this elevator! This elevator leads straight to the hot spring, Brother! Just use your weight to activate the switch! GORON GUARD #1 The elder has given his permission, so you are welcome to enter, Brother. GORON GUARD #2 Since you are going inside, please rescue our patriarch, Brother!
Ah... I thought I felt a presence...but what a surprise to find a young human... Word has come to me of you...and if Gor Coron has faith in you, then your heart must be true. ...I am one of the four Goron elders. Gor Amoto is my name. You are heroic, young human. Please, you must lend this tribe your power. That is one of the key shards that, when merged together, form the key to the room where Darbus is being held. He is our patriarch. The key is split into three pieces. Each of us elders keeps a piece. You must hurry to the other elders! The other two elders are at altars in the mine. They are praying... Collect all three key shards and save our tribe's patriarch! He suffers under the power of evil...
Phew! Free at last! Gracious... You're that nice fellow who helped me out the other day! How nice to see you again! Well, now that we've found each other again, let's stick together for a bit, hmm? I'll be right with you, so if you want to warp out, just let me know!
Oh... Ah... The young human. I am pleased to see you make it this far, Brudda... I am one of the four elders of the Goron tribe. I am called Gor Ebizo. You have heard of the plight of our patriarch. Otherwise you would not have come to see me. Here, take this, Brudda... Now... There is one more shard, but seeing you has reminded me of the dangers that line the path to it... There is something that may help you... A weapon said to have been left in this mine by a hero of old. It is beyond price, and so we have protected it through generations... Now, when our tribe balances on the brink of ruin, it could aid in our salvation. The Hero's weapon is stored safely up ahead... Talk to the guard and take it with you, with the blessing of the Gorons. There are limits to what we elders can do to contain Darbus now that he has been overcome by evil... You must aid us, Brudda. Please, take the Hero's weapon and head deeper as quick as possible.
Whoa... Human?! What business does a human have coming here?! None! No business! This is a forbidden place! I will protect this treasure from you! Ugh... That...hurt a lot. Who knew that humans were capable of such feats of strength... ...Uh... Maybe...you are...going to see the patriarch of our tribe? ...Ah! So THAT is why you are here! In that case, take the weapon of the Hero of the past... But in exchange, you must save the patriarch of our tribe! With skills like yours, even the patriarch can be brought back to his senses... Take the Hero's weapon and save our patriarch!
Ah! You are here at last! I heard that you might pay a visit, young human. I am farsighted in all things. Here you go...the last key shard! Combine all three shards! If you use that key, you can open the room where Darbus, the tribal patriarch, is being held. Who knows how powerful Darbus is in his new grotesque form... But I suppose I should trust your power, considering you came this far... Hurry, now! To the patriarch's room! The Hero's weapon you claimed... That weapon is said to have defeated the most powerful evils this world has ever known. It might even work to calm Darbus... You are probably not used to it, so before going any further, you should work with it a little.
Your shield burned up...
Eee hee hee! Well done! Now we have two Fused Shadows... Hmm... You know, you've been very helpful so far, so as a reward, I'll tell you an interesting story. Zant. That's the name of the King of Darkness who cast this pall of shadows over your world. He's very strong. You would be nothing to him in your current state... But Zant will never be my king! I have nothing but scorn for his supposed strength. Not that your Zelda is much better... It still appalls me that this world of light is controlled by that princess. A carefree youth, a life of luxury... How does that teach duty? ...But I guess I shouldn't begrudge her the circumstances of her life. She didn't choose it, after all. And I would never wish harm on her... No, as long as I can get my hands on the Fused Shadows, I'll be just fine. Well, just one more left... Shall we? Eee hee hee!
Uhhgh... Urrgh... ...Hmm? What am I doing here? Unngh... My head, it aches... Urrrgh... So much pain... I cannot remember anything...
Want to go outside? Are you all done here?
Heroic Link... North of here, across the plain and past the great stone bridge, in the lands guarded by the spirit Lanayru... You shall find one who you seek...
Link... Ilia... You've got to save Ilia! Those monsters left me with the other kids, but they must have taken her somewhere else! Whenever I thought I couldn't go on, I would think of you and Ilia and hold on, Link... See? I...I'm fine now. Remember what I told you back in Ordon, Link? When I grow up, I'm going to be just like you, Link! So you don't have to worry about me anymore! Go help Ilia!
Leave the children to me. I will watch over them, I swear it. Do not let their fates trouble you. Go to those who need you. In Hyrule, countless tales are told of the ancient hero...and your deeds bring them all to mind. May the graces of the great goddesses who shaped Hyrule bear you on your way.
Ah, we're finally here. There's only one Fused Shadow left... ...So this is the last of the twilight you'll see, I guess. Whether or not you accomplish your final task and survive is up to you... Eee hee! So what will you do? Want me to let you into the twilight?
Wait... This is wrong.
All right then, I guess I'll have to help you! But what a shame that this is the last of the twilight... I had become so fond of seeing it covering this world... Or... is it really the last you'll see? Eee hee! So, shall we get going?
But, Link... Can you at least promise me this? Just come home safely.
Forget the Youth's Scent and learn a new smell?
You smell the girl, don't you? I can tell by the look on your face. Well, good. It's another clue, then. But this scent could be quite old... I wonder if she is still all right? Eee hee!
Hey, haven't we seen this castle before? Eee hee hee! So, we finally made it back here! Well, only a little farther, so hang in there! Or so I'd like to say, but... The going's a lot harder from here on out... Eee hee hee! All right, then... Let's get started.
HYLIAN WOMAN #1 Hey, so did you hear? They say that a Zora child collapsed near here! HYLIAN WOMAN #2 I thought Zoras were typically found up north, right? I wonder why one came down here. HYLIAN WOMAN #1 Well... I heard that he was taken to the bar on the other side of the southern road. HYLIAN WOMAN #2 The bar? You mean Telma's place? Hmm... She's got it rough... HYLIAN WOMAN #1 The Zora child... I heard he was taken to the bar on the other side of the southern road... HYLIAN WOMAN #2 Hmm... Telma's always got her hands full... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Heh heh heh... Soon I shall make a killing off this town... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There seems to be something going on at the fountain...
Phew... I'm gonna go put my feet up at Telma's bar when I'm done with work.
Aww... How long do I have until this shift is over...
...... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The water level of Lake Hylia has gone down, and you can't cross to the spirit's cave.
If the people who came to worship from far away heard that, they'd be very disappointed...
It must be hard on Grandma, too, because she can't do her tours... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh no... I wonder why the water's out...
I know there's no water in town right now, but...the more people fret, the less it concerns me. It seems only the gossips are truly worried... I wonder, is it better to worry aloud, or to keep silent? People are interesting... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
If this water outage continues, we soon won't be able to relax with a cup of tea...
No tea... Such is life nowadays... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Because of the water outages, they can't take any drink orders...
I think that's fine... You've been drinking too much juice recently anyway... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ HYLIAN WOMAN #1 The fact that we can't take a bath because of the water outage... That's a big deal!
I think it's fine. It's not like you smell. It doesn't bother me. HYLIAN WOMAN #2 Well, maybe it doesn't bother YOU, but YOU'RE the one who stinks! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey, wait a second! What's going on with the water lately?
I don't know why you're hassling ME about this... The only reason for there to be a water shortage here is if something has happened at the town's water source, Lake Hylia.
If you already know what the problem is, what are you still doing here?
W-Well, er, it MIGHT be the case, but Lake Hylia is under the jurisdiction of eastern Hyrule...
Ugh! Good-for-nothing!
So, when is this water going back to normal, huh?!
Look, if you want Lake Hylia evaluated, you need to talk directly to someone involved with the eastern Hyrule department...
Ugh! Good-for-nothing! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Is this the back of the line?
Before the water supply runs out, we must stock up on water, even hot springwater...
I hadn't heard that there was a drought in eastern Hyrule.
What's going to happen to us if we run out of hot springwater, too...
O spirits of Lanayru, please deliver merciful rain to Lake Hylia in the east... Hrum mrum brum...
So what the soldiers by the spring said, that was the truth!
Is it true that Lake Hylia to the east dried up?!
I have a limited supply of hot springwater! The race goes to the swift, as it is said!
No pushing! If you want hot springwater, form one line! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ CHILD #1 I heard a boy passed out! CHILD #2 When? Where? CHILD #1 I dunno... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The person in the tent on the southeast street...makes me suspicious, meow.
Ugh... I really want to take a bath...
Hmm... Human movement is so rushed and disorganized. Maybe we should go to the central plaza to perform reconnaissance...
Because of the crowd in the southern street, all the kittens can't get through... What's happening? ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hahhh... I'm so bored... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We've had a ton of complaints from citizens who can't send prayers to the spring spirit of Lake Hylia. Go there! The location is the one I showed you on the map earlier! Got it?! What?! Study it and know it well! I told you! The citizens are upset that they can't pray to the spring spirit of Lake Hylia! The location is written there on that map on the table! Have you figured it out yet? Study it well! And don't even THINK about shirking your duty! I've received orders from above to investigate why we can't go to the spirit's spring in Lake Hylia! Got that?!
This boy... Can you save him?!
All right, little lady, try to settle down, OK?! I just now sent for the doctor! But this is strange... A child of the Zoras... I wonder if this is at all related to the incident the soldiers were talking about in back...
Aw, what an emotional reunion! Yes, a girl and her wolf! Eee hee! Sorry, but you know how it goes! These folks can't see you, either... Eee hee hee!
This boy is still so young, so innocent... To see him suffering like this...
He'll be all right, little lady. Someone's already gone for the doctor. I'll tell you, though, from what those soldiers in back were talking about...to everything else... There sure has been a rash of trouble lately...
...Hey, do you smell anything funny? Oh no! We're trapped! Get out of here!
Phew... That was a close one. We're lucky there was a puddle down below, huh? So this is Lake Hylia... But there's so little water...
At any rate, let's take a look around. Come on. Let's go.
It sounds like the spirit's spring should be somewhere around here as well... Anyway, let's take a look around...
The drop in water has been faster than predicted... At this rate, Lake Hylia will dry up. It's a race against time... At this rate, the lake will most definitely vanish if we don't somehow get water from Zora's Domain upstream... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ZORA #1 We've had absolutely no water flowing from upstream... ZORA #2 There's no mistaking it. Something must have happened at the water's source in our home, Zora's Domain. ZORA #1 Yet how are we to return upstream to our home? With the way things are now, we can't even walk back there... ZORA #2 There must be a way... For now, we just need to find a way back upstream, to Zora's domain... ZORA #1 I wonder if the queen and our peers in Zora's Domain are safe... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hurrrm... I'm too old for this... Fyer and Falbi's Watertop Land of Fantastication... It's our grand reopening at our new lake-bottom location... Whee. Hurrrm... Yeah, nice lake... Don't lakes have more...I don't know...water? Did the Zoras who live upriver do something? Or is it a curse from that spirit that floats around up there? Whatever. It's not like I can go up and complain... That's way too high. Whuzzat, a customer?! YIKES! IT'S A MONSTER! Stay away... Stay away...
Hey! Stop it! I'm your new master now! Settle down! Hey! Why don't we use this guy to get us all the way to the lake's water source?
Hey... Careful, now... What do you think, should we try it again?
Ah... We're already here?! That bird turned out to be more useful than I expected. Well, then... Where's the village of the Zoras? Let's look for it. It's getting cold... Hurry up!
I mean, what are those Zoras up to, anyway? The river's run totally dry, right?! I can't work like this... Ugh... C-Cold! Ahh... I miss my fur coat... Ugh... Whoever thought renting out boats was going to be a good idea, anyway? S-So cold... VERY COLD!
Oh... Hey... What's going on here? I thought it was getting colder...but who would have thought that it would all be frozen?! This is the Zora village, right? Why don't I see any, then... Well... Anyway, let's check things out. Let's find the Zoras... I think we can get up from here... Let's go...
A portal has opened here, too! We can finally warp. If you want to breathe the air of the world of light for a moment, let me know. I'll take you there! Whoa! Hey! Down! Look below the ice! Those... Those are the Zoras! Wow... This is really strange... What in the world happened? Hey... What do you want to do? We can't just leave them like this... I think all we need to do is thaw them out... It does us no good to just stand here thinking... Let's leave and come back later. The portal should work for us. We need to find a way to melt the ice and then come back here...
This thing has been here for a while now, but it's still pretty hot... As big and as hot as it is, it just might be enough to melt the ice in Zora's Domain, don't you think?
Who knew that something so dangerous would come in handy... All right... The Zoras are safe now, so let's go. The ice melted and restored the water flow to normal. Can we finally meet the spirit of Lake Hylia?
Koh... Koff!
Hafff... Huffff...
............
Uhh, was I unconscious?
Hahhh... Haffff...
Hahh... Hah...
H-Hey... Are you OK?
A-Ahh... What about those in the waterfall pool?
Huhhh... Haaaahhh...
.....................
I wonder, are the downstream areas going to be all right?
What in the world happened?
Those demons...
Hahh... Haffff...
Someone...helped me?
Wait! Please, you must allow me to thank you for revitalizing both my people and this spring, which is the water source for all the lands of Hyrule. In life, I was the elder of this Zora village and the queen of my people. I was called Rutela.
Not to be rude, but we didn't exactly do it for you guys...
The dark ones... They raided this village and, as a message to my people, executed me before them. Young man... You who takes the form of a proud beast... I have something to ask of you. When the dark ones descended upon our village, I sent my young one, Ralis, to Hyrule Castle to inform Princess Zelda of our fate. But...I fear danger followed him from this doomed place. I feel it. His presence grows fainter to me over time... But my time in this world has passed, and though I would give it gladly, I no longer have a life to risk in his rescue. Please... Would you save my dearest, Prince Ralis? If you do this thing, I will bestow upon you the protection of water. This power will grant you the ability to swim and respire in very deep water as if you were a Zora. Please... Save my son...
Hmm... So, if we help her, she'll grant you the power to swim in deep water like a Zora, huh? So... What do you say, Hero? ...Oh, but now that I think about it, I don't suppose you should meet the prince as a wolf, huh? Eee hee! So... No hurry to return you to the world of light, then, right? Looks like the shock of that impact not only raised the water level, but sped up the flow, too... This water should flow all the way down to the lake. Why don't you let it take you there?
Ugh... Aren't you awake yet? Look! We got washed all the way down to Lake Hylia, just as I predicted... And it looks like we're right in front of the spirit's spring, to boot. Talk about lucky... Well, let's go! Snap out of it and get to the spirit!
I am...the last of the spirits of light...consumed...by twilight... Hero... Chosen one of the gods... You have...done well to make it this far... Gather...my scattered Tears of Light...that were stolen by shadow... Gather them...in this... I am sure...you know by now...the forms...that these dark insects take...when they steal...our light... In this shadow realm...of twilight...the insects...are invisible...like the humans...of this world... Collect...my light... Lift the final cloud of twilight...that threatens to cover...all of Hyrule...
Customers... won't come... even though... the water's back... Maybe no one knows... Perhaps I should go...tell folks...around town... ............ So...tired... Hurrrm... No...customers... And... None likely to come... The road above connecting...is gone and all... Maybe I should go ask the spirit for success in business... ............ So...tired...
What's that over there? What was that thing?!
Hey! If you play that grass there, the monster bird that was just here should come back! ...And even if you can't play it yourself, maybe you can sit there and howl the same song...
Hey... Careful, now... Take out any insects of darkness you see on the way! It's easy if you lock on with Z, OK? What do you think, should we try it again?
What's...that? A bug? Eww, nasty! Why's it so big?! Golly, I am so sick of roughing it up in the boonies! Hey... You stay away, Mr. Bug! Shoo! Go get squished! Huh... It's gone? That was nasty... I hope it doesn't come back... ......Ah, well. Golly, work is tanking just as hard as my personal life these days... Golly... What am I going to do?! The water's back, and I still can't get back in business... I wish some shiny prince would just show up and fix it all. ...Ah, well. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ZORA #1 Do you think Prince Ralis passed through here? ZORA #2 He must have. This is the only waterway that connects to Hyrule Castle. Come. Let's follow this path in search of him. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Prince Ralis is so young... To think the queen... Ugh...
If we fracture our troop strength with too many parties searching for the prince, our guard here will be too thin... Hmm...
Not... Not our prince, too! No... It's better not to even think such unlucky thoughts...
Attacks by the shadow beasts... Volcanic boulders in the throne room... What in the world is going on?!
It appears that the cave to Snowpeak is still frozen over... I suppose we'll have to wait a bit longer.
Hey! We can climb up from here!
What's with that rock?
Well, the water is at least flowing again, but it's a little vigorous... We still need to check to see if the places that take their water from here have been affected...
Uhhh...
Sniff... My queen...
It would be nice if the search parties for the prince would make it back safely...
Taking baths with all the water we want... To us, there is nothing that brings more happiness.
It's good. It smells good. Do I smell good too? HYLIAN WOMAN #2 It smells like beasts... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey! Wait a sec! This water started bubbling up all of a sudden! What's going on?
I... I was going to ask you the same thing...
Are you serious? YOU ARE A GOOD-FOR-NOTHING! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It's great that we now have water and everything, but I wonder what caused the outage?
Though water has been restored...people still fret. And the more they do, the less it concerns me. It seems the worriers are the loudest... I wonder, are happier people louder, or generally quieter? People are interesting... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Apparently, the reason for the drought is that water is not flowing from the upper stream... But, I still...don't feel refreshed...
I don't feel refreshed... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Because the water's restored, they can take orders now...
Well that's great...except you never order anything anyway. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ HYLIAN WOMAN #1 Apparently the water is back, and you can now cross to the cave of the spirit...
But I'll bet that the folks coming to worship will stay away for a while... HYLIAN WOMAN #2 Those people who make a living off of those coming to worship at the lake must be struggling... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Isn't this a ladies-first situation?! What's going on here?! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ CHILD #1 A boy passed out and they took him to a shop. CHILD #2 Why? Where? They didn't take him to the hospital? CHILD #1 I dunno... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I'm bored... Maybe I'll take a bath and call it a day...
So this town finally got running water, huh...
Hey! What's going on? There should be one more... Where could the last tear be? What?! There it is... What's going on? That is weird...
You make sure to get that last Fused Shadow, now! Eee hee! See you later!
My name is Lanayru. Your efforts have at last restored each of us light spirits in Hyrule. O hero chosen by the gods... The dark power that you seek... It waits in a temple set in the bed of Lake Hylia. ...But before seeking it, you must now bear witness to something...and never forget it. You must know that it was the will of the goddesses that we lock away the forbidden power... When all was chaos, the goddesses descended and gave order and life to the world. They granted power equally to all who dwelt in the light, and then returned to the heavens. The lands where the goddesses descended came to be known as the Sacred Realm. For ages, the people lived at ease, content in mind and body... But soon, word of the Sacred Realm spread through Hyrule, and a great battle ensued... Among those living in the light, interlopers who excelled at magic appeared. Wielding powerful sorcery, they tried to establish dominion over the Sacred Realm. It was then that the goddesses ordered us three light spirits to intervene. We sealed away the great magic those individuals had mastered. You know this magic... It is the dark power you seek...the Fused Shadow. O hero chosen by the goddesses... Beware... Those who do not know the danger of wielding power will, before long, be ruled by it. Never forget that... The dark power that you seek is sleeping within Lakebed Temple in Lake Hylia...
I am a member of the Zora tribe, the proud people who care for Lake Hylia. The other Zoras are all on guard patrol at the bottom of the lake. The bottom of this lake is a sacred place for us Zoras.
Hurrrm? Some of the Zoras are still alive down under there? I thought maybe they dried up along with the lake... Hey, buddy, have you heard? There's like a temple or something at the bottom of this lake. They put on such airs with all their rituals and fancy temple hoo-ha... Then they just disappear... And what's with putting that temple so deep that humans can't swim there?! I swear, those Zoras... Oh... Are you a customer? Heh heh! You are ONE luck fella, fella! The HEIGHT of excitement, the THRILL of launching to the heavens, the very PEAK of flying fantastication... It can be YOURS, fella! For a limited time only, and without waiting in line, it's a paltry 10 RUPEES! Whaddaya say, buddy of mine? Wanna give it a shot?
Aww, that's too bad... It's fun. You should try it.
Uhh...what? You got a cannon you want me to repair, bud? Well, where is it? I can't repair it unless you bring it here! ...So what'll it be? We doing this? Or not? If you wanna repair a cannon, you need to bring it here, buddy... I don't do business trips, buddy. ...They're too boring.
Welcome, fella! And right this way! Heh heh... Hurry up and hop on in... Hey... You're back! Heh heh... So, fella...I guess you liked the ride, huh? Not a bad bit of fantastication!
Whoa! That reminds me of something... Didn't the late queen in Zora's Domain ask you to do something? She asked us to find her son! The one who's been missing since he headed for Hyrule Castle... I think she said something about granting you some special power if you rescued him? If the final piece of the Fused Shadow is on the bottom of Lake Hylia...then it looks like we're going to need that ability!
Well, hi there! Welcome to Falbi's Flight-by-Fowl! Are you ready for a flight full of dreams and sweet, sweet bonuses? A Cucco- powered ride around Lake Hylia? You will LOVE it! Next up for fantastication... ONE BIG GUY! Er, just one? Right, then that's 20 Rupees for a ticket to the isle of Riches. How about it, partner?
Aww, really? How sad for you... Well, if you change your mind, come back anytime, partner!
Awright! Thanks, partner! Now, just grab a Cucco of any color and try to sail to the Isle or Riches! What's the matter, partner? So, what color do you fancy, partner? What's the matter, partner? There are loads of places hiding treasures out there! Find your very own storehouse of dreams!
I hope you'll come again!
Are you winning lots of Rupees?
Ummm... Hrmmm... That looks a bit too far to fly... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
That is a Zora child! That is beyond my expertise! Hmmmph!
Doctor, wait! If something isn't done, this child will...
Well, this isn't good. A human doctor won't do, huh... That old coot reminded me, though... I've heard of a shaman in Kakariko Village, in the Eldin lands, who's tended Gorons and Zoras.
Is that true? Perhaps if we take him there...
Inadvisable! Too dangerous! But we can't turn a blind eye to a pretty girl in need, either. Yes, we'd better escort you! Am I right, boys?!
Well, isn't that nice. To reach Kakariko, we've got to cross two plains that are each infested by dangerous beasts. But we'll be safe now!
Cowards! Don't EVER show your faces here again! Oh my! Looks like we've got one young swordsman left! And not only that, but it looks like this brave young man will escort us, so get ready to go, honey. Pronto! You know that girl, don't you? It's a real shame... She can't even remember her own name right now. Bless her heart... She found this poor boy collapsed in the road, so she did all she could to save him. More courage in that girl than in all the soldiers of Hyrule, for sure! You lend your strength to her, you hear me? So you say the bridge to the west has been destroyed, huh? Then our only option is to cross the bridge to the east. You see what that means? You'll have to deal with that thing!
Th-Thank you so much for this. Um, if you don't mind me asking, what's your name? ...Link?! I will never in all my life forget your kindness, Link.
Little lady, I think you'd best save your thanks until we're safe in Kakariko... This swordsman of ours has great eyes, honey. They're proud and wild...like a feral beast. We need a beast right now, to keep the true ones at bay. If we make it to Kakariko safely, we'll just thank him then, OK? You ready to roll, Link? You've got to protect these young ones on the way to Kakariko! OK, it's your turn, honey! We're counting on you!
Nice, honey! Keep up the good work!
Isn't there anyone who wants to help the Zora child? The late queen told us in Zora's Domain! If we save him, she'll give us a special power!
Open that gate, honey! Link, open the gate!
...He has passed through the worst of it. As long as he rests, he should recover in due time. Do you know the fate of his mother? Her welfare consumes him. He has been mumbling deliriously about her almost constantly... ...I can see the knowledge grieves you. It must be an awful memory.
I'll stay with him until he's better! No matter how long it takes!
Is that so? Thank you, Colin.
Hey, Link, about Ilia... Is it true, what they say about her?
Yes, she has lost her memory, Colin, and regaining it will be no simple task. But it will be all right, child. If we just give her some time, I am certain that Ilia will find her heart again. So, Colin, I'd like to ask you to stay in this village until then. It is our turn to show the courage that you have already displayed.
Nice to see there's still hope here. And it's always good to see happy results repay your efforts... Those skills of yours... Any chance you're of the mind to put them to use for Hyrule? What hope there is in our kingdom is frail and dying...but there's still a group trying to do what it can. And I'm a member of that group. Call me Telma. I may just stay here a bit longer. I'm still worried about Ilia, and... Well, never mind about the rest. Link, I want to see you again at my bar, you hear me? The bar is actually a kind of safe house for my friends. There's a passageway that leads to the castle from in there, as well. If you ever need something, stop by, I'll be waiting for you, honey!
Thanks to you, this child is saved. I want to thank you for being so kind to someone like me... Someone you don't even know. Through Renado's kindness, I, too, have been allowed to stay a little longer under his care in this village. The children here are all so kind. Such a lovely little village...
I will stay here beside him! Are you going to continue your journeys, Link? Good luck! And please, do not worry about us!
This boy is really sick, and now it sounds like the rest of the Zoras are in trouble, too, right? I'm gonna try to help him get better quickly so we can take him home!
I'll take care of this boy. The shaman's been really worried about this boy, but I think he's also worried about the Zora tribe. Link, you've gotta help! Please help the Zoras!
I dropped a letter into the hot spring and now I can't read it! Gotta blow this thing dry...
This way... I am deeply grateful to you for aiding my son in his time of need. You were right to bring him here. Kakariko Village is a sacred place for the Zora people. It is where we take our eternal rest. My husband in life, King Zora, also rests his spirit here. It is no coincidence my son found his salvation in this place. ...That which I have promised you is within this grave. During his lifetime, my husband created garments specifically for the chosen hero, garments that house the abilities of the Zora. Now, at last, I can join the king in slumber. And yet... My son... He still knows nothing of my death. If you see him again, please pass on this message... Tell him he must not grieve his mother's passing. Tell him she wanted him to be brave and live as the king of our people. And... Tell him his mother...loves him without end. Tell him...
Well, it's a good thing you found all of your friends and picked up that nifty Zora armor... But aren't you forgetting something kind of important? That last Fused Shadow... Remember what Faron the light spirit said... He said you would need the Fused Shadows to defeat the dark overlord Zant and save the world... So even if you go back now with all of the people you saved... The whole tragedy would just repeat itself... So let's go get it! We need to go to the temple on the lake bed of Lake Hylia.
Something about that Zora boy is giving me a feeling of...unease. I worry that something may have happened to the Zoras of Lake Hylia... ...But I must first find a way to recover Ilia's memory. She suffers, and I must help. If I discover anything, I will let you know immediately, so please allow me a little more time... I must find a way to recover Ilia's memory! I must! ...But the fate of the Zoras still gives me pause. I hope nothing is wrong on the lake bed.
Have you listened to everything Renado has to say? I'm worried about Ilia too...but I'm more concerned about the Zoras of Lake Hylia right now. Of course, I agree with Renado completely. This man is ASTUTE! You go on now, Link! See after the Zoras at the lake! Mercy, this boy is simple... Hurry! Go to the Zoras!
Do you know about the new product, the water bomb? They're so superb, Brother, that you can use them underwater! If you don't have any yet, you should buy some! But enough about that, Brother... If you ever want to get on top of this shop, just climb up on my back, Brother!
Hey! I've been waitin' on you! Take a peek at this! I finished my water bombs! These little fellas are so advanced, you can even use 'em in the water! Oh, they'll come in handy, guaranteed. You gonna buy some? All right, now! Take a good gander at Master Barnes's handmade bombs! A very good day to you, sir! Welcome to the incredibly fancy bomb buyback counter! Mercy me, what do we have here? It appears you have some bombs! Allow me a moment's peek into that bag... Now...
, huh... If you're of mind to sell those, I'll buy
bombs for
Rupees. How does that sound, sir?
What? Are you quite sure, sir? How unfortunate... Bear in mind I'll always buy any bombs you care to sell later on. Just bring them here!
Splendid! I'll give you
Rupees for your
bombs! Very well, then! Farewell!
Sir, you wear the garb of the hero in my people's legends... Are you, perhaps...? Well met! I, dear hero, am a maker of bombs. Pardon me for asking... Have you heard of water bombs? They are very dangerous indeed, but you should be able to master them. I am sure you would find them quite useful. How would you like to buy some of my handmade water bombs for 90 Rupees? Hmm? (Don't buy.) Is that so... Well, let me know if and when you have need of a bomb that explodes underwater. Well, just for you, I would part with these water bombs for 90 Rupees. What do you say?
Let me put these in your bag... If you ever run out of water bombs, please come back for more.
Can you see the bubbles rising from the depths? It's dangerous to swim too close. That current is strong enough to carry away most people...
The place beyond this rock is sacred to my people. It was once called the Zora Temple. But now it has been overrun by monsters... They're everywhere... All we could do was seal them in so they do not bring darkness to others...
The temple inside is nothing but a nest of darkness now! You must not enter! ...Did you really do it? The creatures of darkness have made the inside of this temple their home. It's dangerous, so I must ask that you turn back.
Woah! That's treacherous... Whoa! Don't you think you ought to knock down those stalactites hanging off the ceiling first? They don't look to be very stable. I'd bet they'd break pretty easily if you hit them with enough force, don't you think?
You caught a skullfish! It looks stronger than it is... This fish is forbidden, so it won't be added to your fish journal. Release it with A.
There it is! The last Fused Shadow... I'll just take that, thanks! Now, don't resent me for all I've put you through. I NEED this thing! Besides, we have to do something about Zant, the one who thinks he is the king of shadows... His power is a false one... I'll prove it using these! So... I've done everything I needed to. I'm sorry for dragging you all over the place with me... So... Shall we go? Want to go outside? Are you all done here?
Zant!
Did you honestly mean to take an ancient and withered power like this and turn it against me? You are a foolish traitor, Midna. Why do you defy your king?
My KING? You, who do nothing but abuse the magic of your tribe? You must be joking!
How dare you?! Are you implying that my power is...our old magic? Now THAT is a joke! This power is granted to me by my god! It is the magic of the King of Twilight, and you WILL respect it! My Midna... Did you forget? That beast is one of the light dwellers who oppressed our people. No matter how much you may desire otherwise, you will never be more than a shadow in their world. You cannot consort with their kind! But if we can make their world ours, Midna...light and darkness will meet at last. Our tribe will take back their realm...and sweet darkness will blot out this harsh light! And that, Midna, is why... I need you. Not just for me, but for all of our people... Lend me your power. So be it... I will return you to the light world you covet!
Link, hero chosen by the goddesses... Go to the princess locked away in the castle. That princess holds the key that can unlock you from your shadow form...
H-Hurry...to where...Princess Zelda...waits...
LARGE BLACK AND WHITE CAT #1 I just hate the rain... I can't get comfortable whether I sit or stand! Maybe my sixth sense is trying to tell me something... Yeah... I just can't get comfortable today... BROWN CAT #1 Eek! That thing on your back... Is it all right? That Zora kid came through here looking as bad as that. Why don't you take this one to Telma's bar, too? You should ask Telma at the bar about helping the creature on your back...
Ribbit! Normally I live in the underground passageway, but I came out because of the good weather. Have you ever been below this town? It's really spacious! After all, the underground passage was made so that the Hyrule soldiers could escape. Ribbit! The underground passageway stretches about town and is very spacious! Ribbit!
Oh, hello. This is my first time in this town... I'm looking for someone named Louise. She's supposed to know this town well. Where's the bar? It looks like there is no bar on this street... Maybe I'll look somewhere else. LARGE BLACK AND WHITE CAT #2 It's really coming down... At this rate, today's meeting will be cancelled...
You look so stern... With that look on your face, you'll frighten the humans! BROWN CAT #2 Haven't seen your face around here before... If you want to know about this town, then you should ask Louise, Telma's cat. If you want to know about this town, you should ask Louise at Telma's.
Beast! Get out!
You there! You're Link, correct? Mmm, yes, I thought so. I could just tell, you know. I'm Louise. Do you remember meeting me in this shop before? Though I don't think we were properly introduced... In any case, I must tell you, I'm a bit puzzled as to why you look like that. Really, dear, you can't blame the humans for tossing you out, the way you look. Oh... Another patient? You certainly are a curious sort...
...Plea... Please... Princes...Z-Zelda...
This way! Here, get in through the window. The attic is connected to the castle's waterway. It's an old waterway, though...so it could be a rough trip. Well... I suppose all that's left to do is make sure that the humans don't notice you. Shouldn't you hurry to the castle, dear? Use the window and find the passage in the back of the attic! Are you so heavy...that you can't jump high enough? Oh my. There must be another way to climb in! Think! What? They kicked you out again? Difficult to be stealthy when one is so bulky, I'd imagine... Be careful when the footing's not stable or you'll fall, dear. Do walk carefully when you move around the attic. Be careful when the footing's not stable or you'll fall, dear.
The elder told me to escort Telma, but... This city air does not suit my skin... Ugh... I cannot wait to return home and soak in the hot spring...
How's it come to this, huh? Monsters walking in the streets of town... What in the WORLD are the soldiers in Hyrule doing?! The Gorons are so much more reliable than they are, it's not even funny! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I heard that an acquaintance of Telma's defeated the beast that had been attacking tourists on the bridge. Yes, you remember that young man who came by here the other day? His name was Link...
You don't mean...the hero-type? Unbelievable... So that getup wasn't just a costume...
Well now, if that isn't a bit of a shock! I was rather snotty to him, if I recall... I suppose I should apologize when I see him next... I'd hate for him to resort to fisticuffs or some such!
I heard that an acquaintance of Telma's defeated the beast that had been attacking tourists on the bridge. His name was Link... It sounds as though he brought Telma and her young ward to Kakariko Village.
And here I was, thinking Hyrule was empty of men of valor...
Oh, no, I don't believe he's from Hyrule proper at all. No, my understanding is that he's from the small neighboring province of Ordona. This may sound horribly elitist...but people who do not know the city simply do not know fear. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What?! What was that sound?!
H-Hey! Where did that ghost come from?! H-Hey! Don't just stand there! Get that ghost!
Oh... Th-Thanks for beating the ghost. Can I call you...doggie? I'm Jovani. I...became consumed by greed long ago, and sold my soul to a dark creature that did this to me... I can't move... I can't go see my girlfriend... My pet cat Gengle is frozen on my head... I don't think I could be more miserable... I have to ask you a favor, doggie... Can you find and defeat the 20 ghosts that lurk in the dark for me? I think if you can free the pieces of my soul from the ghosts that hold them, I'll be free... Oh, but it's raining out now, so I don't think you can go outside directly. I'll open the door to the underground waterway for you... Once the rain stops, you can come back in here by digging around the front wall where the cats gather... Understand, doggie? That treasure chest is connected to the underground waterway... You can get out from there. Once you've found and defeated the 20 ghosts that lurk in the darkness, come here by digging by the wall where the cats gather...
Please... Please tell me... How do we break...the curse on this one? This...is the one... You need him...to save your world! That's why... Princess... Please... You must help Link...
What binds him is a different magic than what transformed him when he first passed the curtain of twilight. It is an evil power. Our world is one of balance... Just as there is light to drive away darkness, so, too, is there benevolence to banish evil. Head for the sacred grove that lies deep within the lands guarded by the spirit Faron. There you will find the blade of evil's bane that was crafted by the wisdom of the ancient sages...the Master Sword. The Master Sword is a sacred blade that evil can never touch. Evil cloaks you like a dark veil...and that blade is the only thing that can cleave it. Link... Hero sent by the goddesses... Like you, I have been granted special powers by the goddesses...
Fine... Link... You can... You can get to the woods...on your own, right? Princess... I have one last request... Can you tell him...where to find the Mirror of Twilight?
Midna... I believe I understand now just who and what you are... Despite your mortal injuries, you act in our stead... These dark times are the result of our deeds, yet it is you who have reaped the penalty. Accept this now, Midna. I pass it to you...
No! Link! STOP HER! We go back, Link! Back to Faron Woods! Zelda... I've taken all that you had to give...though I did not want it.
Did... Did you save me? Th-Thank you! Listen, since you're so nice, let me tell you something: there's a really pretty wooden area on the other side of this cliff! I climbed over there, but when I tried to get deeper into the woods, THOSE guys attacked me! What's in those woods, anyway? That sure is a pretty forest... You know, the one I found over there, on the other side of the cliff. If you're going, please be careful! Your smell... It's so familiar... It smells a bit like a green-clad prince who helped me out once!
So there's another section of forest beyond this cliff. All right, Link, let's go!
Hee hee hee! ...'Bye!
We are guardians of this land... Guide us to where we once stood. Only then can you enter the true Sacred Grove... Beast who speaks to our hearts... what would you have of us?
Go now to the sacred place, beast... We yield passage to the Sacred Grove...
The sword accepted you as its master... This thing is the embodiment of the evil magic that Zant cast on you. It's definitely different from our tribe's shadow magic... Careful... If you touch it, you'll turn back into a beast! This thing is too dangerous... It's probably for the best if we just leave it here, huh? But on the other hand...if we kept it, you'd be able to transform into a beast anytime you wanted... Yes, since Zant was kind enough to give this to us, we should be thankful and use it all we can! If you need it, just call me. I want to keep a low profile, so I'll hide in your shadow when you're human, but I can change you whenever. You can be a wolf anytime you like! Also, thanks to this thing, you can warp whenever you want by switching into wolf form... Hey, but listen, Link... I've got a little favor to ask... Would you mind coming with me to find something called the Mirror of Twilight? It's hidden somewhere in Hyrule... Yes, the Mirror of Twilight... Our last potential link to Zant!
Oh my... If it isn't Link! You made it! How've you been, honey?! Mercy, but you have good timing. I was just talking about you! Hey, everyone! Introduce yourselves! This handsome young man is the infamous Link! You remember what I told you before, honey? These are those friends I mentioned, the ones who are trying to help deal with all the troubles in Hyrule. Actually, there's one more of us, but there's been a disturbing turn of events in the eastern desert, so he's gone to check it out. He's an older man named Auru. If you happen to meet him, definitely take the time to talk with him, OK, honey? Well, you've come all the way here, honey, so why don't you relax a bit? Why don't you be sociable and talk to these folks? They're a jolly bunch! How's that Ilia doing, honey? I'm sure that shaman will find a way to get her memory back. That Renado is a talented man, for sure! Anyway, honey, you've got your own things to worry about, so you just make sure you do what needs doing right now, OK? Listen, honey, if you're puzzled about what you ought to be doing, why not go see our friend Auru? There's a man who knows things! He's out checking the eastern desert of Hyrule. If you need detailed directions, just take a peek at that map on the table. That old codger Auru is at Lake Hylia, studying the desert.
Oh, hello there! You must be Link, correct? I'm Shad. Wonderful to meet you. Sorry about the ribbing I gave you the other day, old boy. This town is rather teeming with odd sorts, so I was just being careful. Telma told me all you've been up to. You're rather formidable! I'm rather NOT, I'm afraid. Well, I'm formidable at book reading, but I lack, shall we say, physical skills. That said, if the history and legends of Hyrule are your cup of tea, I'm your fellow! If you're curious, just ask away. At the moment I'm absolutely entranced by the sky beings known as the Oocca. Yes, according to legend, Hyrule was made by the Hylians, who, as we all know, are the closest race to the gods. But also according to legend, long ago there was a race even closer to the gods, and some say THESE creatures made the Hylians. When they created the people of Hylia, they simultaneously created a new capital, a city that floated in the heavens. They dwelt there...and some scholars believe that this race lives there still, somewhere in the great sky. Sky beings... Isn't that simply marvelous, old boy? What I wouldn't give to meet them! Would you care to hear about the sky beings again?
Very well! I'm pleased to have found another who shares my passion for the subject.
Are you quite sure? I don't mind... Really?
...It's Ashei. Listen, sorry I was so nasty the other day. I thought you were like those sorry excuses for Hyrule soldiers...but I thought wrong. I grew up in the mountains with my father, who was a knight in his own right. He taught me the arts of war as though I was his son. Of course, lessons in common courtesy were not part of the regimen, so forgive me if I come off as rude, yeah? Listen, before I blab both of your ears off, I want to tell you something. Snowpeak, the mountain to the north of Hyrule... It's unlike any mountain I've ever known. I don't know much yet, but things happen there that happen on no other mountain I know of. ...Evil controls it... As soon as I know something more, I'll tell you. Until then, you should stay away, yeah? Don't go near Snowpeak for a while, yeah? I'm looking into it more now, but trust me, that's no ordinary mountain... As soon as I have more information, I'll let you know, yeah?
...... It has been a long time... Link! My wife, Uli, sent word to me. I have seen the children in Kakariko Village! And, of course, I have also heard of your adventures! I must thank you for your help with Colin, Link. I barely recognized him... In any case, I am troubled by my own inaction. I wanted to help the cause. These friends here... I have had a connection with them for a long while. Like the others, I am gathering information now. I will let you know if I hear anything. I am gathering information now, as well, so I will let you know if I hear something.
What to order, what to order... I do believe I will start with meat.
I thought it was about time for you to arrive... Master Link, is it? Please forgive my rudeness in the bar the other day. You do know Telma, don't you? I am Auru. I am part of the group that Telma kindly allows to meet at her bar. I have heard all about your deeds from her. Now... You being a courageous youth... You have likely heard of the strange events in the desert and come to investigate, no? Or am I mistaken? You do know, don't you, Master Link? The Gerudo Desert once held a prison built to hold the worst criminals this land has ever known... The criminals who were sentenced to death were sent directly to the underworld by a cursed mirror that was kept in the prison... Now that prison is condemned, and even the road leading to the desert is impassable. This desert at world's end... It still holds the cursed mirror and the malice of the doomed inmates... These old bones know that the evil currently plaguing Hyrule is related to this wicked place. So I have come to learn the truth... Master Link, I must ask... What will you do now? Don't tell me you plan to enter the desert and confirm my suspicions with your own eyes?!
I see... Well, not to pry, but if you were going to the desert, then I could have told you how to get there... Young Master Link... What is the trouble? Do you intend to venture into the desert?
I see... So if you change your mind, please let me know, I can be of some help...
Ah, is that so... Then let good old Auru help you out... You see Lake Hylia below us? A man named Fyer runs an amusement ride of sorts there. Give him this. See, long ago, I saved this man Fyer's life, and now he cannot refuse me if I ask a favor. If you leave the rest up to Fyer, all should go well. Just give my note to Fyer, the man who runs the amusement ride in Lake Hylia. If you leave the rest to Fyer, all should go well.
Hrrrm... From old Auru, huh... Ah well, I guess I oughta do what the old coot says... Oasis flight...right? So here you go, one of our secret options not available to the general public... This time's all paid for...so whaddaya say? You wanna go?
All right then... But remember, next time, you gotta pay! Sweet sailing, buddy of mine. One for oasis...fire in the hole!
...Pffft, really? Why come all this way just to chicken out? Hurrm, blast it... Well, you get ready, then. I'll wait here, OK? So... What's next for you? You're raring to go, huh? That's the desert oasis flight...right? Ready to give it a shot? If you want not to, press B!
What?! Hurrrm... Can't figure out what you're waiting on, fella... The mysterious charms of the desert await...so get on with it! (Oasis flight) Heh heh... All right, buddy of mine! Let's get you zooming! Yeah, this time is free just 'cause I don't need to be getting an earful from the old fella later on. So then... One for the oasis flight! Heh heh... Hurry up and hop on in...
Wait, Link. Before we go on, there's something I want you to hear. ...Do you remember what the spirit said about the Fused Shadows? What do you think happened to the magic wielders who tried to rule the Sacred Realm? They were banished. They were chased across the sacred lands of Hyrule and driven into another realm by the goddesses. It was another world entirely... The antithesis of Hyrule, where the sun shines bright. Its denizens became shadows that could not mingle with the light. Eventually, most came to call it the Twilight Realm, and from it, none could return to the world of light... They were forever doomed to live in the twilight, flitting in the half-light of dusk, mere shadows of Hyrule... This is the history of the Twili as it has been passed down from our ancestors... Do you now understand what I am? I'm a descendant of the tribe that was banished to the Twilight Realm! It was a peaceful place...until Zant took control of the Twilight Realm and transformed all of the Twili into shadow beasts. It's clear to me now that he somehow gained a great evil power previously unknown to our tribe... In any case, I was sent from there, and could no longer get into the Twilight Realm without his power. ...But there's another tale told by my people. Though the goddesses forbade us to return to the world of light, they left one link between the light and the darkness. Something called the Mirror of Twilight was passed to the protectors of Hyrule... It's our only path to the Twilight Realm...and we must get there! You'll come with me...won't you?
What is this thing?
It does seem to be man-made. I wonder what it is? Why is it there? It doesn't look like it's been there long, does it?
Hey! Are you doing that on purpose to make me mad?! Are you trying to drive me crazy, bringing me to a place like this?! Give me a break!
So, how was your human-cannonball ride into the desert? I'd wager it was some flight! Ha! You youngsters get to have all the fun!
Forget the Scent of Ilia and learn a new smell?
You still live... How astonishing. No wonder some call you "hero". But this is truly a bittersweet reunion... Truly! For I fear this is the last time I will see you alive!
All right, Link, let's go! We're close to the Mirror of Twilight...
A dark entity lurks in the twilight... It houses an evil power...
You who are guided by fate... You who possess the crest of the goddesses... Hear us.
At the command of the goddesses, we sages have guarded the Mirror of Twilight since ancient times.
You seek it...but the Mirror of Twilight has been fragmented by mighty magic.
That magic is a dark power that only he possesses...
His name is... Ganondorf.
He was the leader of a band of thieves who invaded Hyrule in the hopes of establishing dominion over the Sacred Realm. He was known as a demon thief, an evil-magic wielder renowned for his ruthlessness... But he was blind... In all of his fury and might, he was blind to any danger, and thus was exposed, subdued, and brought to justice. Yet... By some divine prank, he, too, had been blessed with the chosen power of the gods. His abiding hatred and lust for power turned to purest malice... Perhaps that evil power has been passed on to Zant...
You're just now figuring out where Zant got his power? It's far too late...
Only the true leader of the Twili can utterly destroy the Mirror of Twilight...so Zant could merely break it into pieces. Once broken by magic, the Mirror of Twilight became fragments, which even now lie hidden across the land of Hyrule.
One is in the snowy mountain heights...
One is in an ancient grove...
And one is in the heavens...
You who have been sent by the goddesses... You should be able to gather the three pieces... But you must be prepared, for a dangerous power resides in those fragments...
Oh my... If it isn't Link! You made it! How've you been, honey?! Mercy, but you have good timing. I was just talking about you! Everyone! Look! Link's come to see us! These are those friends I mentioned, the ones who are trying to help deal with all the troubles in Hyrule. Actually, there's one more of us...but there's been a disturbing turn of events on the north mountain, so she's gone to check things out. She's a beautiful young lady named Ashei. If you have a chance to meet her, you should definitely take the time to talk to her, OK, honey? Well, you've come all the way here, honey, so why don't you relax a bit?
How's that Ilia doing, honey? I'm sure that shaman will find a way to get her memory back. That Renado is a talented man, for sure! Anyway, honey, you've got your own things to worry about, so you just make sure you do what needs doing right now, OK? Now, I'm not doubting you, honey, but if you're wondering what you ought to be doing, you ought to go talk to our friend Ashei. She's up on Hyrule's northern mountain checking things out, and she's got good instincts, trust me. If you need detailed directions, just take a peek at that map on the table. Ashei mentioned Snowpeak Mountain and headed off...
Say... Link! You're alive and well! Tell me, did you find anything of interest at the Arbiter's Grounds in the desert? The sages... Those sages once served the royal family, actually. They were appointed as tutors to the young Princess Zelda. It was from them that I first heard tales of the accursed mirror in the Arbiter's Grounds. Did you see the sad state of Hyrule Castle? It's the urgent desire of this group of ours to restore peace to this kingdom as swiftly as possible. Link... Please continue to lend us your strength!
I heard that the mountain beast has been frequenting our village lately. The beast never came to the village before. I wonder what brings him...
For some reason, a suspicious person has been wandering around our domain lately. I didn't see him...but there were some witnesses near the waterfall basin, I think.
There seems to be no end to the mayhem that's befallen us since our queen passed on...
A suspicious girl has been seen around this area lately... I wonder what brings her?
Have you heard?
You've got good ears. I only just learned it myself...
Apparently, the beast of the snowy mountains came here. At least, that's what some folks who saw him are claiming...
It is our responsibility to protect this village as we wait Prince Ralis's return. ZORA SOLDIER #1 Things have been in such an uproar lately... I'm on patrol in an attempt to beef up security in our domain. ZORA SOLDIER #2 Apparently, the beast of Snowpeak Mountain has been appearing in this town frequently of late. Why the beast who normally lives on Snowpeak would come down to the village... Well, we don't have a clue as to why this would be. ZORA SOLDIER #1 There's a rumor going around that a suspicious person has been seen around here lately. I wonder if those in the throne room have been informed of this... ZORA SOLDIER #2 Snowpeak is up ahead. It's very treacherous. Not only has the weather been bad lately, but because the beast has been coming to the village, we have been taking extra precautions.
Link. What brings you to a dangerous place like this?
Hey... You're Link, yeah? I've heard great things about you... Telma looks out for me, so I stop by her bar pretty often. I'm Ashei. Anyway... What are you doing in a dangerous place like this? Ever since Zora's Domain got covered in ice, this mountain's been much colder than usual, yeah? Not only that, but I heard a really weird story from the Zoras. Apparently, the beast that lives somewhere on this mountain has been seen frequently in Zora's Domain. I was curious, so I came and waited...and as they'd said, a giant appeared! Yeah, it looked like this... Apparently, this thing's been stealing red fish from the village. I want to investigate further...but I can't even see the path through this blizzard, yeah? I'm sure you're here because you're curious about the mountain, but best not go without a plan. If you go into this blizzard without a plan, you'll get lost...and that'll only lead to disaster, trust me. The only clues we have right now are the stories of the Zoras and my sketch. It's not much, I know.
What a terrible storm... Looks like you're not welcome here... Look, I understand that the mirror is hidden somewhere on the mountain, but we need a plan... I know... That story that Ashei told about the beast... What do you think about that? You think we should show that sketch to the Zoras and see what they have to say?
ZORA SOLDIER #3 Hey, the beast of Snowpeak... Oh! The red fish it's holding! That's a reekfish! Ah... So the beast has been showing itself because it's been catching reekfish... We didn't think that anyone besides Prince Ralis was capable of catching this type of fish! Not only is that type of fish tenacious, but it won't even bat an eye at ordinary bait. In fact, this is the first time we'd seen anyone other than Prince Ralis catch one. We were stunned!
The fish this beast has... Prince Ralis is quite skilled at catching that type of fish... Oh... Prince... Where could you be by now... When I see this fish, I can't help but think of the prince...
This... Did you draw this? The beast... Hey! Isn't it holding a red fish? That's a reekfish! Reekfish live close to the two stone formations we call the Mother-and-Child Rocks. They've got a distinct smell that some find a little...gamey...but they're packed with nutrients, so they're revered and well cared for.
Is... Is your name Link? My mother came to me in a dream... She showed me your image. She spoke of youth who would save our domain and steer my fate. One named Link. I must thank you for all you've done. If there is anything I can ever do for you, please tell me. Please... Link... I have so little confidence... What can I do? I could not even carry out one simple task for my mother... I am so unlike her... I doubt I am even qualified to rule... Link... What would my mother have thought of me? I still have so little confidence in myself... What can a pitiful Zora like me do? I am not sure I can be of any use at all...... ...Can I?
Hmm... The beast-man of the snowy mountain...perhaps? But more important is this red fish it is holding... It must be a reekfish. That is a rare specimen found only in the Zora village. It feeds on a valuable type of coral, and without that bait, even our best fishers cannot catch one. Look closely, Link... My earring is made of this coral. I would like to give it to you. I received it from my mother... But it is fine. I no longer need it. As I look at you, I get a sense of what my mother wanted, what I should be doing now... I will return to my village. The reekfish can be found near the Mother-and-Child Rocks in the waterfall basin near my village. The fish are red, so I think you should be able to spot them... The reekfish can be found near the Mother-and-Child Rocks in the waterfall basin near my village. The fish are red, so you should definitely be able to spot them.
The reekfish that the beast of Snowpeak took... Maybe if we took a look at it, it'd give us a clue...
That's a reekfish
! This sacred fish is only found near the Zora village. It...reeks. You can see fish you've caught by pressing + and viewing the Collection screen. Forget the Poe scent and learn a new smell?
Uh! Rare color of wolf! Looks tasty... But tonight fish night. Maybe another time. Friendly, uh? I take you home with me, uh? ...If I did not have fish.
Uh! Whoa-ho! I heard ruckus, and uh! Just a human! I see humans not often, uh? Why human come to snows? You...on spiritual journey? You look for true self?
Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh! You look for long time! ...That was joke. Yetis joke too, uh. You look for something else, uh? Tell truth. (Umm, no.) ...You rude. You look for something else, uh? Tell truth.
...Uh. You look for mirror in such faraway place... But you make good climb! And you lucky to meet me! I found shiny mirror piece! Same mirror you look for, uh? Uh! You come to house and see yourself! I caught fish. I make hot meal, at least... My house far away... We slide there, uh? Do like me! Come!
...Here? What's with this guy? He's got a nice place...for a beast-man.
...Who? Uh... Sorry... I have sickness, uh... Come closer, uh? Uh, wait... I tell you something. You cute little human. Husband told me you come. You want to look at mirror, uh? My husband found it, but it pretty thing, uh. But...since I get mirror, I get sick, and then bad monsters appear... So many bad things happen since mirror... So we lock bedroom on third floor where it hangs, uh? Wait... I tell you where key is... Fever makes head blurry, but... It probably here in the room marked by this symbol... But right now...can't even get up. Would you bring it to me, uh? Start with door right here... I would go, uh, but so sick... Sorry to be bother, uh...
Uh! You! Wife...look bad, uh? Not healthy since mirror... So I make soup for her. Fish from Zora village are most nutritious! You tired, uh? You have some. It gives you energy! What flavor for soup, uh... Can't decide...
What's this? This isn't right! She got the wrong locations. Want to go back and try to get her to remember where the key is?
What flavor... Uh... PUMPKIN! You have pumpkin, uh? Pumpkin, pumpkin, uh! Thanks, uh! You taste if you want! Uh... Needs...more punch, uh! Needs...something.
You find it, uh? ...What? Pumpkin? But why there? No good, uh... Where I leave it? Uh! Maybe in THAT room. Go to room marked by symbol... Check room I marked on map, uh. Sorry about delay... I want to help, uh...
Aw, food AGAIN?! Yeah, I had a bad feeling about this. She didn't seem very sure of herself... Oh well... Let's head back and hope she had some other brilliant idea.
What happened, uh? ...What?! Cheese... Uh... Did husband move it? Uh... Where in world did we put it... Sorry, I need thinking time, uh. Take cheese to husband, uh? You do that, I try to remember... Uh, sorry... Still no remember where bedroom key is. You take cheese to husband first. You do that, I try to remember...
Uh... Needs...more punch, uh! Uh... WHAT?! GOOD SMELL! What you have, uh?! Mmm! Perfect ingredient, uh! Little more time on fire, it become gourmet soup, uh! Here! Taste, uh! Mmm! Smells good, uh! Wife feel better when she drink this.
I think I remember, uh! We put key in nearby room, so no forgetting, uh. How I forget? Embarrassing, uh. See! Here. Place marked by symbol, uh! It there. It must be, uh! You look for me! I promise it right this time! Please, you look for me...
Phew... We've finally found the key. That sure took a while...but that mirror shard is as good as ours!
Oh! You safe, uh! I drink husband's soup, feel much better, uh. So I come to find you. You found key, uh! Good! Good! Bedroom right above us. I take you there, uh. Bedroom right there, you go ahead. No worry for me, uh? Thank you. You come inside... Please... This way, uh. Here...mirror. You look at it, uh... Uh... So pretty... Pretty... Uh... So pretty... Pretty... Pretty...mirror... Lovely... NOT TAKE MIRROR!
Well, we have two mirror shards now... Two more left, Link. Still... I feel bad about the way we treated that girl. To think the Mirror of Twilight has the power to change people like that... This world...ALL worlds...can be cruel... Let's hurry and collect the rest of those pieces, Link! We have to, before more innocent creatures have to endure the suffering this poor girl did... Well, let's go search for the two that remain.
Uh... Uh... What... What wrong with me?
Very strange... You just dreaming, uh.
Yeto! Mirror you gave...
Forget mirror, Yeta... No. Look into eyes of Yeto... Look in reflection of Yeto's beautiful eyes. There true beauty! Who need mirror?
My love, uh!
Love you, uh...
Uh, love you, too...
I'll get you out of here. You're sure there's nothing else you need to do, right?
Oh my... If it isn't Link! You made it! How've you been, honey?! Mercy, but you have good timing. I was just talking about you! Everyone! Look! Link's come to see us! These are those friends I mentioned, the ones who are trying to help deal with all the troubles in Hyrule. Actually, there's one more of us...but there's been a disturbing turn of events in the southern wood, so he's gone to check it out. It's someone you know very well... He wants to see you, so you should go pay a visit, honey! Well, you've come all the way here, honey, so why don't you relax a bit?
How's that Ilia doing, honey? I'm sure that shaman will find a way to get her memory back. That Renado is a talented man, for sure! Anyway, honey, you've got your own things to worry about, so you just make sure you do what needs doing right now, OK? Hey, honey, if you're up in the air about where to go next, maybe you ought to go talk to Rusl. He's in Hyrule's southern wood right now, checking out the lay of the land. If you need detailed directions, just take a peek at that map on the table. I wonder if the Sacred Grove that Rusl mentioned is near this mark...
Link, huh? The beast of Snowpeak hasn't appeared in Zora's Domain since it's last visit. In the end, the troubles in Hyrule and the events on Snowpeak were beyond even my imagination. Honestly... There's got to be someone who knows what really happened... Link, you truly are a mysterious guy... No matter where some kind of incident occurs, your name always seems to come up! Hey, don't misunderstand me... I meant that as a compliment, yeah? As a fellow worker in the fight to restore peace to Hyrule, you have my thanks. And may we both keep up the good work.
It has been a while since we took a walk in the forest, huh? Yes, and how our world has changed...
I knew you would come. I have heard of your brave acts from Telma... I have known her circle of friends since my youth, and of late we have begun to work toward a common goal. ...So. Let me tell you a story. Say... Do you know about the far side of this deep gorge? Some say there is an ancient temple deep in the woods that guards a sacred power. The ancestors of the Hylians created the temple... Signs of their civilization- -ancient, but very sophisticated--are everywhere. If someone could obtain the power of those ancient people... Well, I am sure it would go a long way toward saving Hyrule. Link... Would you take on this task? Would you cross the gorge and find the ancient power sleeping in the temple?
Getting across the gorge and entering the temple will be difficult, make no mistake. ...But I am sure you can do it. If only I had your courage and strength, I, too, would fight to restore the peace...but I am not the man I once was.
I knew you would! To cross the gorge, just use my partner here. ...Do you doubt my partner's skills? He flies like a dream! Believe me! Well, you will definitely make it across the gorge. Wait and see, my doubting friend. Restore the peace! Reclaim the power of this ancient civilization that has slept in the temple for ages beyond count!My partner will definitely get the job done! No doubt in my mind! Give it a shot!
Twinkle, twinkle, little Cucco... I am gold and not for you-oo...
Hee hee hee... That was fun! I'll tell you what: I'll let you into a secret place!
The sacred, ancient forest... So this was what they were talking about...
Link... Don't you think there's something odd about that statue? In the grove and in the temple entry, there were always matching ones on each side, but there's only one here... Why don't you use your senses to take a look around?
I knew it... There was one more here originally. We need to find the other statue in this temple that matches that one.
Erm! Not so fast! At last... This is it! This is where I've been trying to get to! The ancient technology of our people sleeps in this place. We've searched all over...and now we're so close, I can SMELL it! Once we find that thing, we can go home at last! Oh, gracious, yes! Erm, young man! We're so close...so PLEASE help us find what we're looking for!
Goodness! Wait a second! Young man, could you be...the one they call the hero?
Goodness. I thought so! Just as I suspected!
What? Really? So you're...erm just passing through... Are you kidding me?! I have to tell you, my son and I have been looking for something. We can't return home until we find that thing. Oh, gracious no! You must need something here, too. Shall we try working together for a while, fellow adventurer? You may not think I look like much, but I can be quite helpful! I can even warp you out of here if you want to leave! So don't think of me as a burden! Now let's get started!
Three of the mirror shards are ours! Just one left! Link... You saw how nasty that monster was, right? The evil within the shards is more powerful than you can imagine... You know we could be assembling something truly terrible here... It could be something that we'll ultimately have to destroy... We have to hurry! Let's find the last shard, Link! We have to reach the sky! That's where the last shard is supposed to be! I'll get you out of here. You're sure there's nothing else you need to do, right?
Well done, adventurer! Ooccoo sees what she was looking for. Goodness, yes! It's the Dominion Rod you found in the temple! But that thing has been around for quite some time. I can see from here that its magic has been exhausted. Ooh, what am I to do... I thought at last I could return to the sky... And I have completely forgotten the spell that would once again bestow it with magic... It can't be helped. I suppose I'll just have to look for the statues that respond to the rod... It's decided! That's what we'll do! That's what we'll do, indeed! Well, Ooccoo is on her way! See you again!
Hey! Wait! What did you do to the Dominion Rod? ...She's gone. I suppose a useless rod is really just more baggage, but...what are you going to do? Hmm... Did she just say something about returning to the sky? The last piece of the mirror is also said to be in the heavens... If we can restore magic to the Dominion Rod, maybe it'll come in handy! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh my... If it isn't Link! You made it! How've you been, honey?! Mercy, but you have good timing. I was just talking about you! Everyone! Look! Link's come to see us! These are those friends I mentioned, the ones who are trying to help deal with all the troubles in Hyrule. Actually, there's one more of us...but he's doing a little research in Kakariko Village. His name's Shad. He's about the same age as you, I think. If you see him, you should try talking to him, honey. Oh... Mercy, how could I forget! If you're going to Kakariko Village, be sure to give my regards to that adorable shaman, OK, honey? Well, you've come all the way here, honey, so why don't you relax a bit.
How's that Ilia doing, honey? I'm sure that shaman will find a way to get her memory back. That Renado is a talented man, for sure! Anyway, honey, you've got your own things to worry about, so you just make sure you do what needs doing right now, OK? You unsure about what you ought to be doing, honey? Well, why don't you go show your face in Kakariko Village? Our friend Shad happens to be there right now, looking into this and that. If you need detailed directions, just take a peek at that map on the table. Shad is in Kakariko Village now. Would you check on the children if you head that way, Link?
So? Did you find the power of the ancient civilization? If you discover anything, could you be sure to also tell Shad? He has been researching the Oocca, who are said to be the ancestors of the Hylians. As we speak, he is in Kakariko Village investigating these sky beings. Perhaps you should go see him? He is an avid scholar, so I am sure his knowledge could be helpful. Yes, yes... My golden friend came in handy, did he not? Link. We must restore the peace and take the children home with us!
Oh my... Color me surprised... If it isn't Link! What a coincidence, meeting you in a place like this. How very odd... Say, old boy, do you remember what I told you before about the legend of the sky beings known as the Oocca? Yes, well, there's something about it that's been bothering me, so I came here to snoop about...
I say, old boy... Aren't you Link? I'm a bit of a regular in Telma's bar, so I've heard of you...and of your exploits in battle. Oh... Where are my manners? I'm Shad. I'm looking into the Hyrulian legend of the sky beings known as the Oocca... To think that you would appear here with such perfect timing! You really are a rather extraordinary fellow, aren't you? I've found it at long last... Observe this statue! It's the same as the one in the manuscripts my dear father left me. There are many similar statues around Hyrule, but this one seems to be different. Here, look at the belly... There's something written there, you see? This, too, was in my father's notes... It is called Sky Writing, I believe. "Awaken us with the word that breaks the seal." ... Yes, indeed, that is what it says. Wait a moment... Isn't that Ilia a friend of yours? It's simply tragic how she lost her memory. And that rod of the heavens she mentioned... I'm sure it has something to do with the word that breaks the seal. Hmm... Isn't there any way to restore her memory? I'm certain it would help us figure this all out... Statues, the word that breaks the seal, and the rod of the heavens... It just gets odder and odder... Now Ilia's memory is the last clue we have to solving this strange puzzle about the heavens... Link, what shall we do?
Darbus happened to hear that an acquaintance of one of our brothers had lost her memory and was in some trouble. Me? I came down here because I have a little something to discuss with the shaman.
Who are you, little human? The young lady's acquaintance?
Um...Link? Did you hear what the shaman said?
Ah! I have been waiting for you, Link. Fortune has smiled upon us! If things go well, we should be able to help Ilia recover her memory! Do you know Telma's friend, Shad? Well, it seems he is researching the heavens, and he has come here to see the statue in the basement of the sanctuary. And, as I have learned, when Ilia was saved, she overheard someone talking about the rod of the heavens, or something like that... The Goron elder believes that to help her regain her lost memories, we must piece together the fragments of her past... Which means... If we work our way backwards from the very place where she lost her memory, we may find something that will restore it. Now we must retrace Ilia's path... I am certain it was Telma who cared for her before she arrived in this village, was it not? It would be best to speak with her first. Please take this to Telma! It shames me to say it, but to be honest, I cannot abide Telma's company... We have a fighting chance, Link! Shad is still down there in the basement, investigating that statue. Now get going! You must deliver my letter to Telma immediately! I just cannot do it myself... The race to recover Ilia's memory is on, Link!
Link... I remember being saved from a dangerous situation by someone... Someone who told me all about the rod of the heavens. But now I can't remember the who, why, where, or what it all means... Do you really think I'll recover my memory? I regret that a complete stranger like yourself got caught up in all of this because of me. I'm so sorry.
Little human, it is time for you to show your manliness...for the girl's sake! If there is anything I can do to help, just say so! It is in times like these that we must come to one another's aid! Not that you could ever do much to help ME, my tiny friend! Gah ha ha!
Whether we get that girl's memory back, young warrior, will be up to you. Even our chief, Darbus, has lost the memory of his dark time... We have not told him that you were the one who saved him. He is a proud Goron, and he can be...touchy. If he knew he had been saved by a human... On the other hand, he does have a strong sense of moral duty, so if anything happens, you can count on him to help.
Oooh! Well, if it isn't from Renado the shaman! All this writing, and he doesn't even bother to mention a thing about little ol' me? Honey, that is what I call RUDE! Well, there's no accounting for the foolishness of a man. And at least I understand Ilia's situation now. Of course I can lend a hand for that adorable little girl! Hmmm, what else do I know... The first one to bring Ilia to this shop was that doctor... Maybe he knows something, but he's a crusty old bat, that's for sure... Ah... I've got it! Honey, you go ahead and take this to him. This magic little paper will get that codger talking! It sure would be nice if she started remembering things soon, eh, Link? Don't you worry, honey! That girl's memory will come back! But don't just wait around for things to happen, you hear me? You make sure you take care of what needs doing, OK?
Eh? What's that? Just as I wondered who it might be, I see it's the admirable young lad who was willing to help the Zora boy for nary a single Rupee... Just what is it you want, lad? A physical? You've some money, don't you? By the way, that girl Ilia didn't mention anything about me, did she? I'll be honest, lad, it'll cost you a fair bit for an examination. It's not that I'm having trouble making money... Not at all! Why, I'm so skilled, they call my hands "The Golden Mitts"! If you don't have any errand here, then begone, you scoundrel! ...Did she really not say anything at all about me? If you don't have any money, then you're just a bother! A bother! And I'm too busy for bothers!
AIIIGH! L-Look! I can't pay this off right now! I can see Telma's hired you as some sort of heavy to strong-arm me, but she'll have to wait! Look, lad, if I'd been able to sell the wooden statue that young lady had, I would've been able to get the money... But see, I accidentally spilled medicine all over that little carving, which made it stink awfully. I put it outside to dry...but then... Well, it was stolen. Who goes around stealing people's stuff like that? What a world! You always have to be on guard, eh? ...... ...Uh, look, Mr. Heavy, at any rate, neither the money nor the carving is here, so I can't repay you. Now, to work, to work... You're a persistent little bug, eh?! I said I have neither the money nor the wooden statue, you great lout! I can't return what I don't have! Ugh! I can't get rid of that medicine stench, I don't have any money... When it rains misfortune, it pours! Remember that, lad!
Forget the Reekfish Scent and learn a new smell?
You're looking for the wooden statue that Ilia had, aren't you, dear? Think it's a coincidence that I happen to know it got stolen from the doctor's place? No... Yes, I admit it...I took it. But then I was attacked by some sort of skeletal dog beasts who took it from me. I don't know why these beasts were after her statue... I thought it likely that she was in a dangerous spot, though. Those fiends lurk just outside the southern gate... Unfortunately, they only come out at night. ...And another thing... They always move around as a pack. You won't get that statue back unless you give them all a thrashing... That statue sounds like a key to getting Ilia's memory back... You must get it back! That girl won't recover her memory if you don't defeat those dog beasts outside the southern gate and get that statue back. Those fiends travel in a pack at night! Be careful out there!
Get that statue back and get it to Ilia as quickly as you can!
Did Telma say anything? If we can retrace Ilia's actions, we should be able to find a clue...
What...is this?! I... I remember something... I was confined somewhere... Yes, and I was saved by whoever was confined with me... And when that person set me free, they gave me this statue... Yes, yes, I remember that much! But that means...that person is still in trouble! Oh, what is WRONG with me?! I can't remember where that place was!
I REMEMBER! I thought I had seen that before somewhere... That belonged to the tribe that protected the Hylian royal family long ago. They worked in secret, so they lived in a lonely, forgotten place. But I heard that tribe dwindled in the prolonged wars... If you want to find that hidden village, look for a path leading to the Lanayru province on the far side of the Bridge of Eldin. But...a rockslide blocked the way to the village long ago, so you can't get there anymore. What? Oh, I do not mean to worry you, little human. Problems like these are not problems to Gorons. Our patriarch, Darbus, will be waiting for you up ahead. Look at your map to see where. I would try to find the path beyond the Bridge of Eldin that leads to Lanayru Province. I have marked your map. You must go to the path beyond the long stone bridge that leads to Lanayru Province. Find the hidden village! You cannot forget that even now, some innocent is confined there!
If Ilia's recollection is correct, then we need to find that person in the hidden village... Perhaps that person holds the key to unlocking her memory... But it is a long shot.
Please... Don't worry about my memory... Just do something to help the one who set me free. Please, Link!
There is a hidden village up ahead, little human. The elders call it a forgotten place. This scent that has been burning in my nostrils...it is the scent of evil. There is one powerful creature I have seen about...but under that beast are many minions who attack and plunder like a pack of hyenas. There are 30... No... At most, 20 of them ahead... They are probably just a small band of survivors... Ragged remnants who have settled, leaderless, into this village. If that is all there are, little human, then you alone are more than enough for them. But you will have to defeat them ALL to save that girl's benefactor. Before you go, I will tell you the secret to besting them: destroy them all before they spot you! Got it, little human?
Those stupid monsters... They think they can just do whatever they want in our town! We won't allow it! Hey there, buddy! Lemme tell you something good. See, these guys tend to hide hearts and Rupees all around these parts. If you want some of that nice loot, just dig around to your heart's content! The stuff hidden around here is all stolen monster loot. If you want some of that nice loot, just dig around to your heart's content! Don't worry... You have my blessing!
Go home, you savages! Go on, git! I don't have any food left to feed you monsters! And I don't know anything about the girl! I'm not opening up until every last one of you is gone! You heard me! So get out of here!
The howls of the beasts... They've faded into silence... Wait, are you... The savior! It's you, the savior! Please, please forgive me...for not opening up the door. My name is Impaz. I'm the last resident of this poor village. My name comes from the great one who built this village so long ago... This village was once the secret home of a proud tribe who served the royal family... But it fell into decline, and became infested with dangerous beasts. It's become an awful place... Excuse me for asking, but is your name...Link? Ah! I knew it... So then, you saved that nice girl? ...How lovely. When she was here, she would often cheer me up by saying that you would come to help. That sweet girl... She worried about this old woman even as I helped her to escape from here... By royal order, I can't leave this place until a certain person arrives. ...No matter what terrible fate is visited upon it... Oh, but listen to me blather on! I have a favor to ask: would you help me return this to her? I think she always kept it close to her heart, but even so, she didn't hesitate to part with it in order to protect me... I believe in my heart that it's kept me safe all this time... So please... I ask that you return it to that girl. That dear girl deserves her charm back. ...And tell her that this old biddy was very grateful. Hey! That rod... Is that the Dominion Rod? Ahh... Could it really be? Are you the messenger to the heavens?! Among the legends of my clan, there is a story from the time when the Oocca still maintained contact with the royal family. Yes, it said that a mysterious rod was handed down from the people of the sky, and it was called the Dominion Rod... The rod was only to be carried by the messenger to the heavens when the royal family needed to communicate with the Oocca. From generation to generation, my ancestors have guarded the book that, by royal decree, was to be given to the messenger to the heavens. This is that book. Please, take it. This book is written in the ancient language of Sky Writing. I am so glad I stayed in this village... If I had not met that young girl, what would have become of me? Meeting that girl must have been ordained by the gods, so that I could be here today to pass on this knowledge... Yes, I was meant to pass on that ancient book from the heavens to you... Please, take care of yourself.
I... I knew you once... Yes... This feels so familiar... The scent of hay... Long ago... When we were young, you and I... You were always there... You were always beside me... Link. This gift was meant for you. It was something I wanted to give you before you left on your journey. Please, Link, take it. You don't need to worry about me any longer. Whenever you return... I'll be waiting for you. Link... Do you remember what I was saying about the rod of the heavens? Well, actually... It was about the messenger to the heavens who held the rod... The nice woman who saved me told me about it... Apparently, in this woman's village, they've guarded something for the heavenly messenger for generations, so they await him. But they can't give this item away until the messenger arrives with the rod... That's why the lady couldn't leave her village, you see... Say, Link... Do you have any idea who this messenger to the heavens might be? Or even what the rod is? Is that Shad fellow down there a friend of yours, Link? I need to give him my thanks!
What's this? Ah! It's Sky Writing! Where in blazes did you get this? You don't suppose this could be the word that breaks the seal... R-Right! Let's try it out!
...No reaction. So it is not this statue... Urgh... ...Link, thanks ever so. You have brought me one step closer to solving this puzzle. I shall give the book back to you. Now! I shall try out this word on other statues! I have made the rounds of these statues so many times that I have memorized their locations. I will place marks on your map so you can find them, in case you wish to track them down. Remember, every one of those marks is near an owl statue! Now, if you'll excuse me!
Power has returned to the Dominion Rod! This mystical rod breathes life into ancient statues. Set it to B on the - screen, then aim with
and swing it with B to make statues mimic your moves.
The writing in the book was a spell that imbued the staff with magic! Now you can do to the other statues what you did before... So... He did say he would mark your map wherever there was a statue, didn't he? Then we should go check out those spots, right, Link?
I will be all right, Link. I will be waiting here with the children until you return! So...don't worry about us, OK?
That acquaintance of Telma's is visiting right now. He is very interested in that ancient statue down below the sanctuary... Actually, I do not know anything about the statue down below the sanctuary. You see, it was already there when I became the shaman here... If you are interested, you should descend and go see it yourself, Link.
Ilia and Ralis both got better... Everything's so great here! But...you aren't trying to help just the people HERE, are you. You're trying to help everyone in the world, right, Link? No matter how long it takes for you to come back, we'll be waiting for you, Link! When I grow up, if I have a son, I'm gonna make sure he turns into a guy who can do everything...just like you, Link!
Ralis and Ilia and everyone else are all better now! I am so happy! But...Ralis left to be with his people, and everyone from Ordon will go back to their homes soon... With everyone all gone, things will be a lot quieter around here. And a lot lonelier...
You found one Sky character! A missing part of the word in the Ancient Sky Book has been restored. ...But there are still other missing characters. The Ancient Sky Book is filled with the missing characters! It's a clue to finding a path to the sky. Set it to B in the - screen and press B to show it to people. Set it to
and you won't have to swap it with B.
Link, isn't Shad waiting for you down below?
Ah, Link. Did you read my letter? As it turned out, that word I learned from you didn't do anything with the statues I found... After all that, I wonder how that word was supposed to be used... Since it was written in Sky Writing, I was sure it had some kind of meaning... Is that the book from last time? ...Hm? Are there more letters in the word than the last time I looked at this? How did you investigate the... Link, this is amazing! Amazing! Now THIS must be the word we need! Let's try it immediately! Ah! It has taken on the same shape as the other statues... What can this mean? And I thought we had solved the last of the riddles... Blast! How confounding! ...I must apologize, Link. I need to cool off a tad before I mull the problem further... Blast it! This thing has confounded me thoroughly...
Link?! How in blazes did you move that statue?! And...what's this... Amazing! Spectacular! This must be the Sky Cannon I read about in my father's notes! I knew that my intuition was onto something when it led me here! ...But how can one use this to get to the City in the Sky? Stunning... I feel almost...nervous! Just think, if we could get this to work, we could actually reach the City in the Sky...
A cannon, huh? What do you plan to do with this, Link?
You might figure something out if you try to move it... Oh, what to do, what to do? I'll carry it for you. I don't mind. Why don't we show it to someone who might know something about it?
...Except that guy's still watching us...
...Ahh! Perhaps... I am in your way? Well, forgive me for not realizing! I should just disappear at times like this, really. So... Let me know the results another time, Link. ...Ah yes! Let me give you one last piece of advice... That seems to be broken, so you'd do well to show it to a cannon expert first, I should say! Farewell!
...I wonder if I put him off?
Hey, buddy! So... Uh, is that yours? Heh heh... Hey, buddy, I never thought you'd get so hooked on fantastication that you'd try to build your own cannon! So...are you gonna give me the tour or what? Looks like you have a serious rig over there... Whoa! It's kind of...retro, huh? And there's no ignition device, so you can't even use it. Listen, buddy, I suppose I might be able to fix it for you... I mean, maybe... That is, if you can pay me 300 Rupees...in advance. Whaddaya say?
What? Really? What a waste... 'Cause I think this thing would pack a punch. Yeah, it would send you sky-high! Not that it's any of my business, though. Well, I gotta get back to work here, buddy... Thanks for flying with Fyer, fella. So... Wanna give it a shot, fella? No hidden fees for any flight! Just 10 Rupees! Press B to change your mind.
Ahh... That thing over there? Hurrrm, yeah, sure... Well, how about 300 Rupees? ...Sound good?
That's too bad, I coulda done a lot with that thing... I mean, you coulda flown up through the sky, I kid you not! Not that it's any of my business, though.
Heh heh... I knew you'd see the light, buddy. Now I'll just be a sec!
Here we go, buddy. All working as it should...I think. It may look like junk, but this thing's got some powerful innards! You're going to be knocking on the door to the heavens! Seriously, bud... It might be rough! So... I'm sorry for soaking you for the dough. I'll leave you alone, then. Heh heh... Well, you just have all the fun you want, OK, buddy? Well, I fixed it for you... If you wanna fly in it, knock yourself out!
Phew! Gracious, we made it back! Finally! Welcome, adventurer! This is the city sky of the Oocca. Erm, since you came all this way... I guess I can give you a tour of the city... EEEEEK!
Ooh, goodness... Brave adventurer, you won't believe it! There's a dragon raging outside the city walls... Ooh, I'm terribly worried about everyone... I'm going to check in that shop for survivors!
Ooh... Erm, sorry for earlier, adventurer... Ooh! But you're planning on walking around the city and taking it in, right?! I'm worried about the others and this is an emergency! I can't just stand around waiting! Please take me, too! I won't help you warp to the surface, but I WILL bring you back to this shop anytime!
Link, you did it! It's the fourth shard! Now we have them all! Hey...Link. The words of the sages... Do you remember them? Only the true ruler of the Twili can destroy the Mirror of Twilight. Zant could only break the Mirror of Twilight into shards... He couldn't utterly shatter it. That's proof of his false kingship. Link, we have to hurry! To the Mirror Chamber! After all, a fake is a fake...and no matter how much you dress it up, the real thing always wins! I'll get you out of here. You're sure there's nothing else you need to do, right?
Thank you so much, adventurer! Gracious, you've done so much for us, adventurer! I hope you'll come see us again sometime! What did you think of the heavens? If you like it up here, you can live here as long as like! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What's that, honey? Ilia's memory?! Really? Mercy, if that isn't the BEST news I've heard all day! You did a great job, honey... You take good care of Ilia, you hear me? But... Then again, I suppose you've still got a few other things on your plate right now, don't you?
Yes, Link... I've been poring over literature since I saw you last. Thanks to you, I think I've gradually come to understand several different aspects of the riddle of the heavens... If I hadn't met you, I might have given up trying to bring my father's dream to fruition... I'm truly grateful for what you have done. Someday, perhaps, I can repay this debt. Link, have you seen the state Hyrule castle is in? I feel the same desire to bring peace to Hyrule. We all do. But right now, it's all we can do to try to endure... Our chance will surely come! That's why we both must continue doing what we can until that time comes!
Some call our realm a world of shadows, but that makes it sound unpleasant... The twilight there holds a serene beauty... You have seen it yourself as the sun sets on this world. Bathed in that light, all people were pure and gentle... But things changed once that foul power pervaded the world...
It was all our doing... We overestimated our abilities as sages and attempted to put an end to Ganondorf's evil magic... I hope you can find it in yourself to forgive our carelessness... Oh Twilight Princess.
What? So...you knew? As a ruler who fled her people, I'm hardly qualified to forgive you. In our world, we've long believed that the Hero would appear as a divine beast. That's why when I found you, I thought I could use you, Link. And I only cared about returning our world to normal... I didn't care what happened to the world of light, not at all. But after witnessing the selfless lengths that Princess Zelda and you have gone to... Your sacrifices... I now know, in the bottom of my heart, that I must save this world, too. There is no other way. If we can just defeat Zant, the curse on me will dissolve, and we may be able to revive Zelda. Let's go, Link! For Zelda! For all of this world!
Um, listen, Link. Can I ask you one last selfish favor? Regardless of what my reasons may have been, I once abandoned this world... I left behind the Twili. Those who had followed me... Who considered me their ruler... Even now, as they remain here, suffering, they believe that help will come for this world... But if they were to see that the only help for them was a hideous little imp... Don't you think they'd feel let down? It's only for a little bit longer... Do you mind if I continue to hide as your shadow while you're in human form? I'm sorry... Wait! This guy isn't an enemy, Link. They might look different, but...they're inhabitants of this world... They're my people. Zant... How could he...
Link, be careful... This black fog is made up of shadow crystals created by Zant. They blot out light... He's responsible for stealing the light from the spirits and turning your world into twilight... But he's not all-powerful. We're prepared too. I can return you to your normal state whenever you need, so don't worry, OK?
No, Link! The darkness is too powerful in fog like this. Remain in wolf form! That shining sphere illuminates this world. It's called a Sol. It's like the sun of your world, Link. The power of the Sol is the source of life in this world... It is pure power. Ah! As long as you have this... Would you take this Sol to the Twili at the entrance of this world? Please, Link!
I think you know what we need to do now, don't you? We'll get him next time!
Link... There should be one more Sol. If we can find that, it should lead us to Zant.
Light filled the Master Sword! Its blade glows with a golden light in the Twilight Realm. With it, you can cut through dark fog!
Amazing... The power of the Sols has been transferred to your sword... The guardian deities of my world are on our side, too! You really are the chosen one, Link... A true hero! As long as you have that sword, you should be able to repel the shadows Zant has spread! Shadow crystals flow like waterfalls here... There's no way we can get rid of all of them. Charge your sword up and release the power of the Sol all at once.
Zant. Isn't this ironic? Here we are, all thanks to the dark magic curse you placed on Link!
You speak of magic? Still your tongue for a moment, whelp, and I will tell you of both magic and the oppression of ages... The people of our tribe...a tribe that mastered the arts of magic...were locked away in this world like insects in a cage. In the shadows we regressed, so much so that we soon knew neither anger nor hatred...nor even the faintest bloom of desire. And all of it was the fault of a useless, do-nothing royal family that had resigned itself to this miserable half-existence! I had served and endured in that depraved household for far too long, my impudent princess. And why, you ask? Because I believed I would be the next to rule our people! THAT is why! But would they acknowledge me as their king? No! And as such, I was denied the magic powers befitting our ruler. It was then, in the thrall of hatred and despair, that I turned my eyes to the heavens...and found a god.
I shall house my power in you... If there is anything you desire, then I shall desire it, too.
My god had only one wish... To merge shadow and light...and make darkness!
Y-You...TRAITORS!
Traitors, ha! You want to know why none would call you king? It was your eyes, Zant. All saw it, a lust for power burning in your pupils... Did you think we'd forget our ancestors lost their king to such greed?
Midna... Foolish Twilight Princess... The curse on you cannot be broken... It was placed on you by the magic of my god! The power you held as leader of the Twili will never return! Already he has descended and been reborn in this world... As long as my master, Ganon, survives, he will resurrect me without cease!
I... I used just a fraction of the power that's in me now... I did THAT using only a fraction of my ancestor's magic?! Link! Now is the time! We must save Zelda! The evil power Zant was wielding... I couldn't take it from him. But at least I still have the magic of my ancestors... With it, I can return the cherished power Zelda bestowed upon me... Now! Let's go! Princess Zelda is waiting! I'll get you out of here. You're sure there's nothing else you need to do, right?
So Ganondorf was just using Zant to help him return to the world of light... I guess now we know the true nature of that barrier over Hyrule Castle... He's in Hyrule Castle, I'm sure of it... Princess Zelda is in grave danger! We must return to the world of light and hurry to the castle!
I have come to play!
Enough. I follow the strongest side! ...That is all I have ever known.
Link... He... ...He spoke.
Welcome to my castle.
So you're...Ganondorf. I've been dying to meet you.
Your people have long amused me, Midna. To defy the gods with such petty magic, only to be cast aside... How very pathetic. Pathetic as they were, though, they served me well. Their anguish was my nourishment. Their hatred bled across the void and awakened me. I drew deep of it and grew strong again. Your people had some skill, to be sure...but they lacked true power. The kind of absolute power that those chosen by the gods wield. He who wields such power would make a suitable king for this world, don't you think?
Ha! Such conceit! But if you are one of the chosen wielders of power, as you claim... I will risk everything to deny you!
Shadow has been moved by light, it seems... ...How amusing. Very well... Deny me, then! Yes, try to deny me... You and your little friend... Both of you, faithless fools who would dare to take up arms against the king of light and shadow... So you choose. And so you shall feel my wrath!
Pr-Princess... I... I...
Say nothing, Midna... Your heart and mine were as one, however briefly... Such suffering you have endured...
Spirits of the light! Wielders of the great power that shines far and wide upon the lands of our world... In my hour of need, grant me the light to banish evil! Link... Chosen hero! Lend us the last of your power! I'll try to slow Ganondorf with my light arrows! You target him and keep him within range of my arrows!
An impressive-looking blade... But nothing more. Would you hear my desire? To take this foul blade...and use it to blot out the light forever!
Do not think this ends here... The history of light and shadow will be written in blood!
What? Say something! Am I so beautiful that you've no words left?
Well...I guess this is farewell, huh? Light and shadow can't mix, as we all know. But... Never forget that there's another world bound to this one.
Shadow and light are two sides of the same coin... One cannot exist without the other. I know now the reason the goddesses left the Mirror of Twilight in this world... They left it because it was their design that we should meet. Yes... That is what I believe.
Zelda... Your words are kind, and your heart is true. If all in Hyrule are like you... Then maybe you'll do all right. Thank you... Well, the princess spoke truly: as long as that mirror's around, we could meet again... Link... I... See you later...
Hyrule Castle
Maidens Sanctuary
Maidens create the portal
Gasp, Shadow Link appears
Shadow Link encapsulates the maidens, disappearing into the portal; Link follows him through the portal, to the Four Sword Sanctuary.
Four Sword Sanctuary
Shadow Link taunts Link into approaching the Four Sword
Shadow Link continues to taunt Link, until he approaches it again
Link pulls it out, splitting into four. Shadow Link laughs and runs away, but as Link tries to pursue him, dark magic spews from the pedestal, and a windy cyclone appears, carrying the four Links away. The sorcerer Vaati appears from the pedestal, (in his beastly eyeball form) and cackles. The screen fades.
black screen; flapping wings and owl coos can be heard every once in awhile
black screen except for four Links passed out on the ground
screen opens to green field, an Owl flies in landing on a perch.
Kaepora Gaebora flies away
Move into backyard
do the four formations: Box, Wide, Long, Cross
move into house again
SIGN The bridge is out! If you just have to see what's on the other side, press and hold the B Button!
SIGN Do not recklessly pick up stones and throw them by pressing the R Button!
As you lift a large rock, a strange person appears
SIGN Swimming Basics Don't be timid! Jump on in!
black screen except for four Links passed out on the ground
screen opens to green field, an Owl flies in landing on a perch.
Kaepora Gaebora flies away
Move into backyard
do the four formations: Box, Wide, Long, Cross
move into house again
SIGN The bridge is out! If you just have to see what's on the other side, press and hold the B Button!
SIGN Do not recklessly pick up stones and throw them by pressing the R Button!
As you lift a large rock, a strange person appears
SIGN Swimming Basics Don't be timid! Jump on in!
Defeat Shadow Link!
SIGN Tingle Times Volume 1 Tingle had an encounter with a charming lady fairy! It was fate! Destiny! I was sneaking along behind her when she went into a castle...and never came out! Surely she's been captured, because she's too adorable for her own good! If you happen to see Miss Fairy, gaze upon her lovingly for me. Oh...and save her, too! Tingle
As Link approaches the entrance, Kaepora Gaebora flies onto a nearby perch
With that, Kaepora Gaebora flies away
When you approach the barrier, the two ugly creatures join into one beautiful creature
A hoard of soldiers enter
The Great Fairy twirls around and the casts a spell that eradicates all the soldiers
The barrier is dispelled
She disappears from sight
A large woman blocks the way to a chest
SIGN Adventurers, assemble! Head up for some helpful adventuring tips.
SIGN Tingle Times Volume 2 Strange days have arrived in the village as one child after another disappears. Tingle bets that they're all ditching school, no doubt playing some charming game. Oooh! Tingle wants to play, too! If you discover the kids' whereabouts, play awhile for Tingle's sake! Search 'til your eyes are bloodshot and weary! Tingle
SIGN Force Tree This tree gives fruit to tremendous Force, or so it is said. Unify your body and spirit and strike the tree. You might be rewarded!
SIGN Rest area ahead.
Defeat Shadow Link!
Defeat Shadow Link!
SIGN(TMLN 1) Warning! If you see either Green Link, Red Link, Blue Link, or Purple Link report back at once!
SIGN Hebra's Hill
Defeat Shadow Link!
Defeat Shadow Link!
SIGN If you get trapped The fence is low, so you can lift things across it.
SIGN Tingle Times Volume 3 Tingle hears that little boys and girls who behave get to meet a fairy here. Perhaps if Tingle does his best to be kind, he may meet this fairy face to face! Here's a good deed! I'll put up road signs! ...Someone's Storeroom then ...Strange Cave ...Someone's House Praise my kindness! Tingle
SIGN Tingle Times Volume 4 Tingle got stuck in icky sludge! It was so...slimy! Tingle must write this all down so that the same thing doesn't happen next time. I will gracefully flit from leaf to handy leaf, jumping with such joy. Almost like skipping from Zora to Zora! Tingle
SIGN Tingle Times Volume 5 Ooh, everywhere I go, woods, woods, and more woods! Lost Woods everywhere! Here's a solitary road sign just for you! Woods Woods Woods Perfect! Tingle
Link stumbles upon Deku Scrubs circled around some type of skull shrine
Dekki chooses three random items from the following: water jar, stone, grass, oil pot, sign, or bomb.
Dekki gives you another list of items
SIGN Deku Scrub Bulletin Board If you're not a Deku Scrub, stop reading! Now!!! When you're done with the key used to lock the place where we hid the shovels, be sure to put it back where you got it from!
SIGN Tingle Times Volume 6 WAAAAAAAAHHHHH! Tingle's been had! Someone's stolen his precious Force Gems! This village is filled to the brim with thieves! It's not fair... If you see the culprit, please catch him for Tingle! Show no mercy! Tingle
Force Gems: # of s Hearts: # of s Total: # of s
Defeat Shadow Link!
Several Deku Scrubs stand near the entrance to the Temple of Darkness
Defeat Shadow Link!
Defeat Shadow Link!
The six shrine maidens gather
Princess Zelda appears in a dark crystal
An evil laugh is heard as the screen fades; the six maidens appear again
SIGN Blizzard Warning! Take care not to stroll out too far during blizzard conditions! If you're exposed too long, your strength will fade away. Be careful!
SIGN Frozen lake! No swimming!
Defeat Shadow Link!
The six shrine maidens are gathered around a pedestal
The four jewels rise from the colored Links and take their place in a pedestal in each corner; they start glowing
Light comes from the eye picture on the wall and a pillar of light restores the green color to the Sanctuary
A prism of light appears after defeating the boss
Defeat Shadow Link!
Zelda illuminates the emblem on the ground
The emblem disappears
A rainbow bridge appears behind Zelda
Final Battle: Vaati
Pieces of the palace begin falling
Inside palace, rubble is falling; a voice is heard
A blue shadowy cloud is seen leaving the palace
TOWER OF WINDS
Zelda now guides Link toward the exit, stopping when there are enemies blocking her path, which Link must defeat
Hoard of soldiers appear surrounding Links and Zelda; Link defeats them
A soldier with a ball and chain appears, which Link must defeat
The floor beneath their feet crumbles and collapses; they all fall
After landing, the same shadowy cloud from the Palace of Winds appears before Zelda and Link
Zelda attempts to use an orb of light to seal it away
Zelda is taken captive; out of the shadowy cloud emerges a pig like beast wielding a trident...Ganon...duh
Final Final Battle: Ganon; midway through the battle, Zelda breaks her bonds
Zelda makes another orb of light energy
Link receives a bow
When you hit Ganon with the ball of light, he is suspended in the ball of light; the six shrine maidens appear and return to human form around him, casting a light spell
The light grows more intense, then goes into the Four Sword. Ganon disappears with the light
FOUR SWORD SANCTUARY
The shrine maidens and Zelda surround the pedestal. Link comes forth; four swords rise up and merge into one, which is then lowers into the pedestal. The maidens create a triangular prism around the Four Sword, and then turn into fairies and leave. Link and Zelda then exit together. THE END
No
Yes
SIGN Swimming Basics Don't be timid! Jump on in! Press the A Button to swim! Press the B Button to dive! Don't stay under too long!
SIGN Swimming Basics Don't be timid! Jump on in! Press the A Button to swim! Press the B Button to dive! Don't stay under too long!
Nope.
Of course!
if you have no weapon or it's already upgraded
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No way
OK
Maidens
No, Thanks
Yes
No, Thanks
Sure
No
Yes
No
Yes
No Way
Sure
No
Yes
No
Yes
if reading is bad
if reading is neutral
after torches are lit
No
Yes
again
No thanks.
Sure.
Forget It
I'll Risk It
if the multiply
if they dropify
if you break even
Long ago, in the kingdom of Hyrule, a wind sorcerer named Vaati appeared. Vaati terrorized the people of Hyrule and kidnapped many beautiful girls from their homes. When all hope seemed lost, a young boy carrying little more than a sword appeared. According to the legends, when the boy drew his sword, he split into four, the four-who-are-one worked together to vanquish Vaati. The hero used his word to bind Vaati in a remote area in Hyrule. The people christened the blade the Four Sword and built a shrine around it. There it remained undisturbed for years. Ages flowed by... The wind sorcerer Vaati broke free of his prison and kidnapped Zelda, the princess of Hyrule. Princess Zelda's childhood friend, Link, used the power of the Four Sword to defeat Vaati and seal him away once again. And, for a time, the people of Hyrule believed that their land was safe. Until...
Link... Link... Can you hear my voice?
Swiftly and suddenly, dark clouds covered all of Hyrule. Ominous clouds that filled all those who saw them with fear... A sense of dread swept across the land.

Link... Hurry to Hyrule Castle...
Oh, Link... It's you! Thank goodness you came! The six maidens who guard Hyrule are gathered here in the castle. The sky has become so dark and foreboding... I'm worried about the seal that binds the wind sorcerer Vaati.
Princess Zelda! Come quickly!
We must hurry. Come, this way.
These six maidens guard the portal to the Four Sword Sanctuary to keep it safe. I'm going now to make sure Vaati's seal remains strong. Now, the shrine maidens and I must open the portal to the Four Sword's resting place. Step back, Link...
Come with me, Link.
Ah! Wh...who are--? It can't be... You're...Link?!
This sword guards the seal on the wind sorcerer Vaati. If you draw the sword, you must know what will happen. Will you still draw forth the sword?
So you accept the fate of the one who draws this sword?
Link... You have accepted the destiny of the hero... Princess Zelda and the six maidens have been taken by dark forces. However, Vaati's magic has robbed the Four Sword of its power to vanquish darkness. To return the sword to its full strength, find the source of that power: Force Gems. Gather Force Gems wherever they lie, and rescue the maidens and Princess Zelda.
Link! Link! You must awaken, Link!
Hoo hoot! At last, you're awake, Link. I am Kaepora Gaebora.
Mine is the voice you've been hearing since you left the Four Sword Sanctuary. I know you're worried about finding Vaati, but you must not act rashly. Find the six shrine maidens and Princess Zelda, and you will also find Vaati. As for that dark shadow... Let's call him Shadow Link. That one is up to no good. Your sword is weak, but you can restore its power by infusing it with Force Gems. Hoo hoo! First, gather the four who were once one with the L Button or Y button. I must fly, but we will meet again on the road ahead.
Hm? I've never seen you lads in these parts before. I'm spending my retirement teaching my grandkids all about formations. You may not believe me, but I'm a former castle guard! A professional adventurer. Formations are the key to working together and performing great deeds! If you're interested in learning more about it, go on into my backyard!
OK. We'll get started once you're all standing in the field on the left!
If you get into formation and unite your strength, you can do almost anything! You can certainly do more than any one of you could do alone.
Oh! Hi there. You know, if you have a Game Boy Advance, you should use it. We always connect our Game Boy Advance systems! It's nice to have a little privacy when you go into a house or a cave. That's what our grandfather always says. But...what would he need privacy for?
Press the L Button or the Y Button to change formations!
Oh, hello there! Did you come to learn formations from my grandfather, too? If so, you can do your training over there!
OK! Looks like you're ready to get started! I'm going to drill you boys in the art of formations! And... Wait, hold it! I guess I'd better explain how this all works first! Um... I'll yell out the name of a formation! You will press the L Button or the Y Button to form up! That's it!! If you hear a formation name but don't know which it is, watch my grandkids. All right then... Here we go!
That's enough! That's the end of the drill! I'll give you some Force Gems for all the hard work you've done! No matter where you go or what you do, remember your formations! Your safety is my number- one concern!
Listen up! Formations are the foundation upon which adventurers are made. Good formations mean good cooperation, and teamwork is the key to adventure!
Oh, thank goodness! That stupid door was really getting on my nerves! It never occurred to me that someone might have locked it from the outside! I'm convinced it was that shadow boy, the one who looks just like you. Strange things are happening everywhere these days. You boys watch yourselves.
I don't know... You look JUST LIKE that shadow guy. But you eyes! They sparkle and shine with light! I can tell just by looking into your eyes that you're not bad boys.
I've started working out so I can do something about all those Octoroks out front. Still, no matter how strong I am, I'll never be able to, say, lift a huge rock alone!
If I have someone to help lift it, I'm sure it would be as easy as pie.
Oh, so you want that rod, do you? That shadow boy was after the same thing. I hid it from him, but I think you can have it. You've been so nice to me. And besides, you look like you can be trusted with it. Take care of it, all right?
... ... ... ... ... ... Huh?! You... You've saved Tingle!
... ... ... Ooo...! Th-that outfit! That aura! It's the fairy that Tingle has dreamed of... It's you!! Oh, Mr. Fairy! You coming to my rescue has left me overcome with emotion! Let me thank you by sharing some thrilling Tingle news with you! The oh so Tingle-esque pastime of collecting Force Gems is all the rage now! In fact, I got stuck under here trying to get the Force Gem under this rock. But you saved me! Clearly, it was the power of the gems that led you here to me! Tingle believes without a doubt the good things come from collecting Force Gems! Why, collecting enough Force Gems may even turn Tingle into a real and true fairy! No doubt that's why you're after the Force Gems, too, isn't it, Mr. Fairy? Let's be fair about where we look and share the gems equally, Mr. Fairy! And with that, Tingle must say his farwells! ... ...Don't follow me! Tingle Tingle Kooloo- limpah!
Shooting folks out of my homemade cannon's my hobby! Hey! You wanna go for a ride? Well, climb on in and press the A Button. You shoot right up like a human cannonball! If you wanna leave, press ? or ? at one of the exits!
Whoa! Look at you... You guys're identical! Say... The four of you...You're brothers? Or...friends, is that it? OK, listen up. I'm real particular about friends. Friends don't always have to be doing the same thing, you know? True friends can do their own thing and still work things out together. Just press the X Button or the + Control Pad to check up on your friends. And when you want to be with your friends again, press the L or Y Button! Sounds nice, doesn't it? I've got to get some friends of my own.
Link, those black spheres form a barrier of darkness! The darkness that Vaati created is syphoning the power from the land. If these barriers are left intact across Hyrule, Vaati will grow even stronger. Look! Already, the green fields that once grew here have withered to dust. It is unforgivable, what he has done to the land! The power of the Four Sword can destroy the barriers! Link, you must bring your light and pierce the darkness!
You must combine the strength of four into one and fight your way out!
Urrk urrrk... You...have friends... I'm jealous... If you have friends, you can toss 'em across charms... I never had any friends. You're a lucky guy... Urrk urrrk...
Ho ho ho... So, back again, are you? I've a feeling I'll be seeing a lot of you... Hee hee hee...
So, we meet again! Hee hee!
OoooOOooo...SO you've wandered into this cave of no return, too, eh? If you want to escape alive, you must pull a long lever. Grab it with the R Button then line up this way ? and pull. That's just common sense. I was all alone, though, so I couldn't do it... I died all alone...
If you see my children back home, be sure to say hello... OoooOOoo...
OooOOooooOoo... Someone...who looked just like you...did this to me. If you're looking to defeat him check his tunic... You can't hit him if you're not wearing the same color. It's common sense... I'd guess as much from the start, but he still got the best of me...
Say hi to my grandkids back home...OoooOOOOoooo...
Link! There's a terrible fiend in Hyrule Castle. He's leeching power from the maidens little by little. Listen well, Link. To rescue the maidens, you must face the fiercest of foes. Keep your wits about you, and be wary!
Who... Who is it? Who's there? You... You're not with those fiends who have taken over the castle, are you? Please, would you help me? I heard the maidens' cries and came running to find the castle a nest of fiends. They captured me and split me in two. That's why I look so horrible right now! Please, I beg of you. Reunite my two halves! Make me whole again!
Oh, happy day! Thank you! Now, at last, we can merge as one, and I can return to my true form! Please take me to the barrier that blocked your way. I'll do my best to aid you on your journey!
I didn't think I would ever be allowed to reclaim my true form as a Great Fairy again!
Thank you so much, brave ones!
Uh-oh! It looks like those soldiers have noticed us. I'll take care of this!
So this is the magical barrier that barred your way? Allow me to take care of this.
I'll let all of my friends throughout Hyrule know... "If you run into four travelers with one face, tend to their weariness and ease the burden of their travels!" There is a tradition that young, noble gentlemen rescue damsels in distress. And so, I leave the well-being of the maidens in your hands. Take care!
Where am I? The darkness...It's gone. I have been freed, haven't I? Link! What's happened to you? Oh, the Four Sword. You've drawn the mystic blade. That means Vaati is free once more, does it not? And you've taken up the mantle fate has given you. How brave! Such determination speaks well of you. You are truly a great hero. Oh... Oh! There's something you must know! The dark shadow that captured us... It looked...just like you! What was it? Link... You must save the princess and the remaining maidens! Travel by sea under my protection to a place called the Eastern Temple. Another of my kidnapped sisters is imprisoned there. Allow me to transform, that I might serve as your guide. Come! We must go!
Link, we have arrived! The bond you all share must grow stronger if you hope to meet the difficulties ahead. Be prepared.
Hmph! If I can't get through that door, I don't see why I should let anyone else!
Don't pay any attention to my wife... She can be pretty stubborn. Once she makes up her mind, there's no changing it. Why don't you go around back? There's a tunnel you can use behind the house. The entrance is blocked, but maybe you can blast it open.
Hey, you! What do you think you're doing? Everyone on that side is my enemy! And don't you forget it!
Hello there, adventurers! Do you want to know the secret of adventuring?
If you don't want to know, I won't force it on you! Bye-bye, adventurers!
You want to know, right? I thought so. Here's the deal! Formation shortcuts! Press and hold the L Button. Then press left, right, up, or down. Try it and see.
Let me aid you on your way.
All I can do is ease your wariness.
What's he trying to prove? Tossing giant bombs around like that is dangerous. I didn't even know they made bombs that big! Those just can't be good. If you value your life, you'd better flee when you see one of those things. Oh, and one more thing: you and that mad bomber are like two peas in a pod. You're practically identical twins! What's up with that? HEHEHEHEHEHEHE!
Oh! Travelers! Listen! Calamity has befallen our town! First whirlwinds, and the mages! What are we to do? We need one who can sense the Moon Gates... So if you run across anyone who can do that, well... Be sure to let me know, OK?
Hoot hoo! Link, are you now able to wield the Four Sword? It's a sacred sword able to smite the darkness. And that's not all. It also grants you the power to see the shadowy Dark World. The people of this village... They're being spirited away by some force. It may be that the Dark World is drawing them in. Save the villagers, Link! Bring light to their darkness!
... Incredible! You can sense the Moon Gates? ...Then perhaps you can save our village! Then take this Moon Pearl!
This world is like a dark mirror of you own... It looks familiar, but in truth it is very different. Much like you four... Eee hee hee hee hee!
Huh?!? Where'd you come from!? I'm not used to kids appearing out of nowhere! No, kids around here usually just vanish! The whole town is in an uproar about it. Guys from the Seeker's Guild are looking into it in the northwest part of town.
There's always a huge line at the Seeker's Guild in the northwest part of town. You look awful young. You'd better be careful. I don't want you to disappear, too!
How come the shop next door is getting all that business? I just remodeled my place and everything! People should be flocking here! I'm trying to get people excited, so I'm standing in line for my own store! And I'm not budging!
What do you want?! I'm in line here! What do you think you're doing?! You're probably spying for that shop next door, aren't you! Well, beat it! Scram!
I want to go into that shop, but I can't get by...
I'm glad I can finally get into the shop, but...I'm not sure I want to go in. Mostly, I'm just afraid that woman will block the door again, and I'll be trapped!
Would someone do something about that woman? She's blocking the door! I tried asking, but she just won't budge. I guess I could try shoving her... She looks kinda...heavy, though. I doubt anyone could do it alone.
Hey! You got that woman out of the way. Thanks! 1st BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE (starting at front) Whoa there! No cutting in! If you want people to treat you like an adult, you'd better learn some manners!! To the back of the line with you! 2nd BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE Sheesh! How long am I going to have to wait here?!? 3rd BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE My only daughter has vanished! Someone has to look for her! Now!!! 4th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE My husband and I came here to request an inquiry. I wonder if such a small guild from such a small town can handle such a big task. 5th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE Huh? Who, me? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just here looking around. I just...saw a huge line and figured it must be for something good! 6th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE Ohh... My poor, darling grandson. Gone... This whole experience has been awful! I came to ask the guild members for help. 7th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE What's going on here! This line isn't moving at all! If this keeps up, I'm going to make them investigate my case for free! 7th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE I'm going to ask the Seeker's Guild to let me join them. If they made me a Secret Agent I'd solve all these people's problems pronto! 8th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE Hey! No cutting! What, you expect me to believe you just want to get to the other side? Yeah, right! That's what the Cucco said! Well, you're not gonna fool me! 9th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE Isn't that girl in front of me cute? There's no way I'm letting you block my view! 10th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE Heavens! Such a cute little boy! ...What are you doing with such a big sword? 11th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE When is it finally going to be my turn? This is awful! I don't care how long it takes, but I'm not getting out of this line! 12th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE Uhh... Please! Someone make this line move faster. I really have to go! ...Huh? This isn't the line for the bathroom? 13th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE Ugh! It's just like my dolt of a son to cause me so much trouble! 14th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE That lady in front of me is scary. If I were a kid, I might not want to come back home. 15th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE I'm pretty, and I have a pure heart, just like a little kid. I came out her to see if maybe someone could kidnap me! 16th BYSTANDER IN GUILD LINE I feel like I've been standing here forever. It's tough on an old woman...
Hmph! You spotted the entrance. You have a keen eye. This is the office of the legendary Seeker's Guild. We're investigating the sudden appearance of those suspicious mages. We've reason to believe they may be connected to the vanishing children. What do you say? You seem talented enough. Care to help us out?
Oh, really... Too bad. We're shorthanded and in a bit of a bind. If you change your mind, stop by anytime! Oh, it's you! So you've decided to help us Seekers after all.
Oh, you'll help?! That is spectacular! There's something I need you to do right away. Four of out brothers are in the village investigating the weird mages. They must have found some clues by now. Go and speak to the four of them and see what clues they've found so far. The key to this mystery's bound to be in those clues. One of the brothers should be right out here to the left. You have your orders! Come on back when you've gotten clues from all four brothers!!
We spend all of our time here running and racing! There are no adults, so we play and play all day long! If you can reach the goal within 20 seconds, I'll give you some amazing boots! Give it a try?
What? Are you chicken? These boots can make you a racing expert, you know! Let me know if you change your mind! So you want the boots after all do you?
I thought so! Let me explain how this works! The rules are a breeze! All you have to do is reach the goal! Go talk to my friend at the end of the maze. If you get there within 20 seconds of starting, you win! OK, here you go... Ready...GO!
GOAL! Your time is... ___"! Oh, too bad! Try again later!
I've got to get ready. Come talk to me after a bit. Came back to have another go at it, did you?
GOAL! Your time was ___"! Congratulations! The boots are over here. Follow me! Oh, and a little advice for you... You'll get back more quickly if you break those cracked blocks over there! Use the boots to race around to your heart's delight!
You'd think that racing would be more fun, but... I don't know, I'm bored...
... ... ... Hm...so you're a new member of the Seeker's Guild, are you? Let me tell you about the clues our investigation has turned up so far. This odd little mage whispered this to me: "The six..." I'm sure it's connected to this incident somehow! Don't you forget it!
... ... ... What was that? You're...a brother of the Seeker's Guild? I see... Well then, listen to the information I've gathered. An apprentice mage disappeared somewhere around here. POOF! Right when she vanished, she whispered something... "Protect..." Now that's suspicious! You would do well to lock that away in your head!
... ... ... Oh, so you're here to help with the investigation? That's welcome news! Well then, listen to what I have to tell you! Look! The mage is over there, right? I was hiding over here, watching her, when I heard her call out suddenly... She said, "Beautiful!" suspicious, isn't it? Maybe it's part of a spell or something! What's she up to?
... ... ... Oh, so now you're a member of the Seeker's Guild?! Well then, why don't you listen to the clues I've gathered so far! A weird mage is lurking somewhere back here.... I can sometimes hear her talking to herself, and this is what she says: "Deeply connected to this village..." That is most definitely a clue! Go and report this to the chief!
You guys used a Moon Pearl, didn't you? ...I sear! That guy there has been staring at me for quite a while now. Who does that insolent lout think he is? That's just rude!
Eee hee hee hee hee! The girl here has vanished, too. No doubt she is trembling in fear even now! I don't know much about the guild, but watching over us is a waste of time! But let them play cops and robbers if they like! Eee hee hee hee hee hee!
You're the boy who awoke Vaati, aren't you? Thank you very much! You've made the world a better place for our kind! You want a Moon Pearl? I suppose it's the least I can do after everything you've done for me. Well, good luck, kid! Eee hee hee hee!
You wanna see if you've got connection to Force Gems or not?
Then you're wastin' my time. G'wan, get outta here!
I see. Then let me spread some Force Gems around outside. I'll give you ten arrows. You shoot 'em with your bow. Any Force Gems you hit are yours to keep. Ready... START! It's done! Eee hee! So, did you feel a connection with the Force Gems?
What's going on here? This used to be one of the best places to meet people. I thought I'd just mingle for a bit, but this joint's as empty as my wallet! Hm... But I don't really want to go next door, either. That strange mage's been over there reading that book of hers forever. Weird!
My girl and I were fighting. I took off, and when I came back, my house was gone! I went to her place, but all I found was this strange mage and a Seeker. Where's my house? Where's my girlfriend!?! Ah...I've lost everything... What am I supposed to do now?
My name's Iris! I'm a novice magician. I lost my magic book, and now I don't have the magic to get back home. I tried some spells from memory, and I got this tiny house to appear... But it's so frustrating! Where in the world could my book have gone?
Hey! Let's gamble. You won't get into and trouble! Risk 100 Force Gems and see if you can get more!
Wow! Talk about a boring guy! Maybe we can play later?
That's the spirit! OK, now you can open whichever treasure chest you want!
Oh, it's you. And you've heard the clues gathered by all our members. ... ... ... Hm...yes...I see... Those strange mages... Yes, that does seem odd... What do you believe the mages' words refer to?
... ... ... Of course... Something's happened to the six beautiful maidens that protect the shrine... That's it, isn't it? Your powers of deduction are truly magnificent! We'll use your findings to continue our investigation! Oh, yes... As thanks for your help, I'd like to give you something. During the course of our inquiry, we dug up a hidden passageway. Try digging by the house of pots in the south- eastern part of the village. You should find a path that will take you to places otherwise unreachable.
Awesome! You found this secret world, too? Did you notice that there are only kids here? All we do is play and play! No one wants to go home! Not even me! No, sir! Except...the girl in the house with the red roof is always crying. I wonder if she doesn't like it here.
It's so much fun here! I wonder why that girl does nothing but weep. Don't even bother talking to her. She's no fun.
I can see... I can see... I can see all... I can see Force Gems hidden in the soil! If you seek hidden Force Gems, you must dig with a shovel of steel!
Do you want to burn with my flames of passion?
Hmph! Fine. Whatever.
Goodness! Really? Then get set to feel the burning of my passion!
Hmph! You probably like that girl more than you like me, don't you!?!
Sniff...sniff... My...boyfriend and I had a fight. It's my fault for always being so stubborn. It can't end over something like this. Will I never see him again? Sniff...sniff... ... ... ... What's that? You... You're going back to your world? ... ... .. Then please help me! Take this letter to him!
You took the letter! Savior of romance!
... ... ... What did you say? Is that a letter from my sweetie? Let me see it! Hmm... uh-huh... Oh...ah... I'm so relieved. My sweetie's OK! But she was attacked by a giant tornado and a dark shadow that captured her. Can she be rescued? Hey, you! Do something, please! Sweetie gave me this feather as a good-luck charm... You can have it if you help her! It's great! You'll feel like a bird as you jump around light as a...uh...feather. You can even bound over giant holes! This is all I have left... I want you to have it.
That little brat, Iris! I can't believe she's leave such a valuable book just lying around... hey... Aren't you the lads who freed Vaati? What good timing. You know how to get to the Dark World, do you not? If you see my apprentice, a witch named Iris, please give her this book.
You got a magic book! It's full of dubious spells!
...Say, what's that? It's my book!!! Well, I'll be! Pretty impressive for such a little fella. ... ... ... Hm? The guy who owns this house is upset? Oh! I didn't think anyone owned it! I thought I'd just magicked it out of nowhere! I'd better return it right away. here, check this out! As long as I have this book, I can do anything! I really must return this. Abra this, hocus that, shallabazoo! Boo! That should do it! Look back in your world. Then, you'll understand the magnificence of my magic!
Oh! Thank you so very much! I mean, this is all thanks to you, isn't it? My house suddenly appeared out of nowhere, and when I went inside, she was here! Honestly, there are not enough words in the world to tell you how grateful I am! I will never forget you, no matter how long I live!
Thank you! I'm so happy for all that you've done for us! Not only did I make it back to this world, but we also made up again! I just hope the rest of the villagers can get help soon, too...
Because of everything that's been happening in town, I want to get away for a bit. Maybe I'll go to the Eastern Palace. It's nothing like this old village. I really need a vacation, but it's always the first step that's the hardest. I mean, I can't really go anywhere until the rain stops, can I? If you're thinking of going to the palace, you'd better be careful.
You guys saved our village! I guess my eyes weren't that messed up after all!
Aaaaah... I'll never take the fresh, outside air for granted ever again!
I can't believe I'm hearing this! Just when I thought everything was normal again! Oh! You're the one who saved the kids, aren't you? Thank you so much!
Thanks to you guys, me and my boyfriend are getting along great again! And we've promised to be nice to each other from now on! Thank you so much!
Hey, it's you guys! It's me! You know, Secret Agent One! I just wanted to thank all of you on behalf of my boss, who's just too darned busy. This whole time, we thought it was the mages... But it was just a misunderstanding If it weren't for you guys, we never would have cracked this case. We owe you big! We'd really like you guys to stay here in the village and join our guild. But we understand you can't, so we won't try to force you to stay. But good luck out there! I know you'll pull through, whatever you're doing!
I was able to return safely thanks to you guys bringing me my book! Of course, my teacher gave me quite an earful for misplacing it...
Thanks to you, all of the town's children have been returned! We're so happy! Thanks for everything you've done!
Just playing all the time leaves me feeling a little empty inside. I'm gonna do my chores and study hard to make playing much more enjoyable!
Oooo... Do you ever feel like you're about to get pummeled into oblivion? If you want to get through alive, you need a Moon Pearl. Everyone knows that. I didn't know that. Not until after I'd died... In fact, that's why I died. Tell my wife and son back home that I miss them... Hurrrrk...
Link! Did you defeat that giant stone eye-thing? Thank you! By defeating that beast, you rescued me from my crystal prison! Thank you, Link. You have my gratitude! The wind sorcerer Vaati has regained his power. When he last tried to conquer Hyrule, he built a Palace of Winds in the Realm of the Heavens. So even now, he's sure to be-- Link! You must first rescue Princess Zelda. Act quickly! I rule over Death Mountain. High stop the peak, the Tower of Flames stands tall. Climb the mountain. One of the maidens must be trapped in the tower of raging lava. Come, Link. I shall guide you.
Link! We're in northern Hyrule, at the base of Death Mountain. Head for the peak!
There's an area near the one-eyed giants called Hebra's Hill. People say that those who enter that region wander lost for all eternity. If you simply meander about with no goal in mind, you'll never reach the summit. You must press on, always focused on your sole intent: to reach the peak!
To reach Hebra's Hill, press on straight ahead.
Oh ho ho ho! At last, at last! I've done it! My lifelong dream... A moving house!!! It's made of a special light, yet sturdy, wood! And fire poses no threat at all! It's absolutely, completely fireproof! Go on and try it! The four of you, step outside and push the house. It'll move! There's one problem, though. Fill the house with furniture and it becomes too heavy to budge. That's why I've had to leave it entirely empty. It's a bit stark, but I like it!
Test it out! Move it around this empty field! Shove it to your heart's delight!
Oh ho ho ho... Such youth... Troubled by the giants are you? We magic users have enchanted two types of medallion. These medallions instantly alter the shape of an evil presence or make it vanish. One of these medallions is in that treasure chest there. It's one that I enchanted myself. You may use it if you like.
Hoo hoo hoo! Link, there's a colossal bird wearing a mask living on Death Mountain! The giant beast appeared after Vaati stormed the mountain. The mountain's guardians of old--a tribe of Gorons--are troubled by the bird, too. I implore you, go and help the Gorons! They're counting on you, Link!
Oh, this is bad! This is very, very bad! Hey! You! C'mon, give me a hand. See that cave? There are water jars in there. Throw 'em and put out the fire.
There's been this weird bird up on top of Death Mountain a lot lately. It flies around the peak day after day. It's huge! And the mask it's wearing! I've never seen anything so scary! If you go ask my dad, I'm sure he'd crack that mask for you.
That pot's filled with a lot of oil, so be careful! If you accidentally break it... KABOOM! My dad says you're welcome to use it if you need to burn stuff.
... ... ... What? You made the new road? That's so helpful! Thank you! That new road you built has been a lifesaver! Or at least, a time-saver... I'm gonna take a quick rest, and then I'm headed for the summit.
Oh, not good! Someone built a house here while I was gone. That was fast! It's covering the hole I buried my most precious belonging in... If there were just some way to move that house aside...
H-Hey! Did you see one of those Gorons out front? I don't know what he's thinking, but he's been shaking my house like crazy! I planted stakes outside to hold my house in place, but that guy is stupid strong.
Whoa! Oh, whoa! That big ol' house just moved! Yeah, all those stakes stuck around the house were such a pain. But now that they're gone I can just push that house around all I want!
I can't even believe he's a Goron... It's just shameful! Fire doesn't bug us! Listen, brother! Go give that pitiful Goron a solid thumping! Knock some sense back into his rocky head!!
Darn it! Where'd he go! It's a disgrace! Since when is a Goron afraid of fire!? We've been looking for him everywhere. I bet he buried himself again. What are we going to do? He still has the key...
Yaaaawwwnnn... I was sleeping so soundly... Let me be, will you?
What is it? Do you need something?
Hey! What was that for!? I was trying to hide!! You're a meanie!
You found me! Good work! And I thought that was a pretty good hiding spot!
The giant bird is just up ahead. It is quite fast, so keep your eyes open. We bird folk like to fly high and gaze down on the land. This area is especially nice. We'll not let beautiful Hyrule be taken by these dark beings. ...Hm? That's Hyrule Castle... I believe you've driven off its darkness already, but... Something's not right. I shall go and investigate! You keep going! Get rid of that bird and save the maiden from the Tower of Flames! We shall meet again!
Oh, this isn't good. I brought my bombs all this way, and then I dropped 'em. They went right into the lava, too. And I thought I had a good plan... I was gonna use them on the monsters around here. You should watch out for them. I mean, if they can toast me, they're sure to burn you to a crisp. Oh, hey! I can teach you an
with those pesky things. What do you say? Would you like to hear it?
...Huh? Are you sure? You might regret it later. Well, I won't hold it against you. If you change your mind, just come see me. All it will take is one good toasting, and you'll learn your lesson the hard way.
Hey, there, brother! Want to hear my great plan for slaying Dodongos?
Great! I'll show you! The problem is those things have skin as hard as rock. Even with my strength, it's a waste to hit them. I can't even make a dent! But then it came to me! They may be tough on the outside but weak on the INSIDE! So right when they open their mouths to breather fire, gulp! And then...
...But then I dropped my bombs in the lava! Ugh! I can't believe it!
Hoo hoot! Link! Danger has struck Hyrule Castle once again! The darkness we thought vanquished has returned. Perhaps some dark agent remained hidden, waiting for the right moment to strike. Where there is great evil, though there may also be an imprisoned shrine maiden. You must tell the maiden of this tower! We cannot abandon Hyrule Castle!
You passed through the flames to rescue me! Such bravery. You're just like the Knights of Hyrule! You've heard of the Knights of Hyrule, of course! They're the pride of the kingdom! They would lay down their lives for honor! In Hyrule, four sacred jewels can open the path to the Realm of the Heavens. The safety of these jewels has for ages been entrusted to the Knights o Hyrule. And yet, in these dark times, the knights are nowhere to be seen... I cannot hide my fears. ... ... ... Pardon? Master Kaepora Gaebora, you say? Is that so... Well then, we must go to Hyrule Castle! We must liberate the castle!
Link! Hyrule Castle fights an even greater darkness than before!
Hm? What's that girl doing out there all by herself? Link, please, you must speak with her! If she stays out there alone, she's bound to be attacked!
Um, excuse me... Were you just talking to...a green fairy? I saw it! There was a beautiful fairy fluttering around you! Amazing! What Poppa told me really is true! He said that good boys and girls get to meet fairies! Like today! I was coming home after running errands but...I couldn't get back. I mean, it started raining, and the castle guards were moving all the cannons... The cannons are really old, and they're not meant to be used... It was really weird. Say, if you're all going on ahead, take me with you! You're friends with the green fairy, so of course it's OK, right?
But why? I'm sure the green fairy would take me! And you're friends with the green fairy, so you must be a good kid. Please! Take me home!
Oh, great! Thanks! My name's Malon! I'm from the Lon Lon Ranch right up the road. It's not very far... Thanks, again!
Poppa!
Oh... Malon! You're late! The rain's coming down so hard, I was beginning to worry! In fact, I'd gotten so worried that I was about to go looking for you!
To tell the truth, Poppa, these young boys rescued me! The soldiers in the castle we behaving so oddly, and I couldn't get past them. They were moving the old cannons around...and they even aimed their bows at me!
What? Really? That IS Strange. Something must have gotten into them. What could be going on? I wonder if something's happened at Hyrule Castle. Malon, I'm just glad that you made it home safely. It sounded like a close call! My thanks to all of you for saving my poor Malon! I'd love to give you a token of my gratitude! Hmmm...let's see... I've got it! If you're going to continue your trip, you should go on horseback! This castle guards are sure to be headed this way, and there are more ahead, too. You'll be much safer riding my swift horses, I'm sure! Our farms right next door. We've lots of carrots around, so take some with you. Those horses love carrots! They'll come running if you've got some handy. Thank you once again! I'll never forget what you've done!
Thanks to all of you, I made it back home safely! I hate to admit it, but at first, I wasn't sure I could really count on you guys. But it turns out, you guys are the best! You're real heroes! I think I finally understand why you guys are friends with the green fairy. Thank you so much!
We're so scared that we do nothing but sit at home and stare at the walls. Oh yeah, at the bottom of the stairs in front of our house, there's a storeroom. It's full of stuff we never use, so if you see anything you need, just take it!
Carrots for horses! Help yourself! Take a carrot?
You don't need that now!
You got a carrot! Take it out of your crystal ball when you need a horse.
Hey! I can't believe you're out with all those monsters around. You know, if I just had a weapon, I'd do something about them... But the problem is I can't even get to the shed where all our weapons are stored! Ooo! I know! Since you don't mind going outside, can you slay all the one-eyed monsters? If you do, you can use whatever you want from the storage shed. Will you slay the monsters?
What? Why not? Well, come tell me if you change your mind.
Hey! It's you! Will you slay the monsters?
Really? Sweet! There are lots of weapons and stuff in the storage shed. I'm sure you'll find a good use for at least one of them! Take whatever you want. Just get rid of all the one-eyed monsters! Here's the key to the storage shed. Take it with you!
I'm counting on you to get rid of the monsters!
Hah... I know what my son says about the weapons in the storage shed... but they're no match for the one-eyed monsters. A greater weapon may lie in the cave to the north, where my ancestors rest. But the earth there has crumbled to bits, making it impossible to get there.
Hmm... There must be some way to get in that cave...
Follow the Great Fairy of the Fountain's counsel to wake the secret power...
... ... ... ..Looks like an old grave
... What's that? You say you destroyed all the one-eyed monsters? That's great! Thank you! I really should reward you! Uh... Gee... What can I give you... ... Umm... You're headed to Hyrule Castle? ...Oh! I know! There's this giant tree that's blocking the path to the castle... But I dug a huge passageway so I could get into the castle. Once I was done with it, I sealed it up, but you could dig it open if you wanted. Take this shovel in exchange for your help. You can dig holes with it! There's a spot north of our shed where there might be an underground cave. You should start digging around there and try to find it. If you have a hard time finding it, try going to the Great Fairy's Fountain. The fairy there can make this a powerful shovel!
Oh! You again? What? You slew all the monsters? Oh, thank you so much! You can see my son for your reward. Finally, it's safe to go outside again. And it's all thanks to you!
I am the Knight of Hyrule charged with guarding the blue royal jewel. To my shame, I fell under the sway of dark powers and was transformed into a base creature of magic. The jewel was also cursed, and it became a portal to the Dark World. I am sorry for the citizens of Hyrule who suffered... and for Princess Zelda! I trust you are going to the Realm of the Heavens and the Palace of Winds. However, you must first gather the royal jewels to reveal the path to the Tower of Winds. There are three other guardian knights. I fear they too have been changed. Free them from their dark curses and retrieve the jewels! The light must return to Hyrule! I entrust you with the blue royal jewel. And with it, I place in your hands the hopes of all Hyrule!
You got a blue jewel! You have three more jewels left to find!
Be cautious, Link. A poison swamp lies ahead! Vaati! I curse the name! His actions have poisoned the very land! The creatures who lived here have long since fled the effects of his foul presence. Now all that remains are monsters and floating weeds that lead travelers astray. I believe you can vanquish this foulness and return Hyrule to its former beauty. Link, my friend, take care not to get lost and drown in this poisonous swamp!
I came here on a dare, but all of my friends vanished, and now I'm all alone. A ghost told me that they'd all gone home. How mean! Oooh... I'm scared...
It's dangerous out. You shouldn't be wandering around. This shadowy guy gas been stirring up trouble lately. Actually he looks like you! My name's Dampe. I'm supposed to be the caretaker at this here graveyard. Only I can't take care of a single thing right now. I'm helpless!!! These creatures, they are so pleased. They treat our world like their new home. Listen up, boys. Legends speak of a mirror in which a dark tribe was sealed away long ago. I understand it's supposed to be hidden now somewhere in the Forest of Light. The forest's been covered by pitch-black clouds recently. It's a Forest of Dark now. Yep, no mistake about it... Something bad's a-brewin' there.
I came to visit my departed wife's grave. Then she showed up, saying she came to visit MY grave... I wish someone would tell me which one of us is the ghost and which isn't!
Link... Thank you. You carry my hopes with you...as well as all of Hyrule's. Wait... Is that the blue royal jewel you carry? How did you come by it? Is that so? The Knights of Hyrule... So even the jewels are now... Link, all we can do is put our faith in the light and press on overcoming each obstacle that confronts us. My forest has lost its light. Darkness covers it like a shroud. Link, will you go to the forest? Perhaps you will find some clues there. In the heart of the forest is a temple. The Dark Mirror can be found there. Long ago, a dark tribe invaded Hyrule. They were defeated and imprisoned within the mirror. The tribe's mirror prison was then secreted away and hidden in the forest temple to sever its connection to this world. That Dark Mirror must never fall into the hands of those with evil hearts. Link! The mirror is a danger in anyone's hands but yours. No one else can be trusted. Retrieve the Dark Mirror from the palace, and keep it until Princess Zelda is safe. Please. You are the only one we can depend on... First, let us proceed to the forest.
Link, this is the Forest of Light. Or rather, it once was. Now, the darkness grows deep, and the air stagnant. I wonder if some clue might reveal itself here. It seems that many foul beasts are gathering here. Perhaps you might be able to learn something from them.
Everything's going swell lately! And we have Ganon, King of Darkness, to thank! Huh? Vaati? What's that? No, Vaati's old news. Ganon's the King of Darkness! Forget Vaati!
Oopipi! Are you lost? Oopipipipipi! Yeah! Yeah! You'll be lost forever!!
Soon, Lord Ganon's power will change all of Hyrule's forests into Lost Woods! Once that happens, we'll be able to travel freely!
Gwee hee! I locked up the shovel and hid the key to keep strangers from finding it! And let's not forget my impeccable work guarding it personally! There's no way anyone will ever get their hands on the shovel!
Make sure that all who enter the forest remain here! Lord Ganon's orders! But we're trying to build an underground road that will let us go anywhere... Anyway, we've hidden every single shovel we could find! If there are no holes, no one will ever find our road. We're absolutely brilliant!
Ah... I love darkness. It's so soothing, so relaxing.
Digging holes in woods this big is tough work when your shovel's been taken away. We move four times as fast in Deku Scrub formation tough, so it'll be a breeze. You know, doubt anyone else could come up with such a cunning plan!
Thanks to Ganon, we were awakened from our slumber!
The Lost Woods is our birthplace! If you wander lost here for too long, you too can become a Deku Scrub!
Uh-oh! I forgot about the hole I dug as a joke the other day... I'll need to sneak away later, grab a shovel, and look for it...
I captured the Great Fairy so that if someone steals my shovel... he won't be able to power it up!
Where the heck did Decci go?! That slacker should try helping out once in a while!
We're busy getting rid of things in the woods that are bad for Deku Scrubs. This is the dumping ground. No one's allowed here except for magical creatures!
If you want to help, you've got to ask Dekki! Dekki's around somewhere. He likes dark places, so go find him yourself!
Hm. You're not a Deku Scrub, so why are you even here? Do you wanna help us?
Pfeh! I'm busy here! I don't have time for your nonsense! G'wan, get outta here!
Boy, oh, boy! Took you long enough! If you want to work, all you have to do's say so! Hey! What's going on? Hey! Do you want some work?
Really? Is that so? That's a big help! I was in deep trouble, 'cuz there weren't enough Deku Scrubs! Now, uh...were you the one who's going to help? I see... Just you, huh? Jeez, I got 50 guys helping me, you know?! I'm just saying you should have a helper... or two...or three. Oh, whatever. C'mon, let's just get started. You ready? I'm gonna name three items, and I want you to remember each of 'em! I ain't repeating myself!! Then you go into the woods, nab 'em, and bring 'em back. And in order, you hear!?
1. Water jar 2. Stone 3. Grass So go take all those things I told you about and get 'em to Deppi in that order! You make any mistakes, and you're fired! now, get movin'! Time's a-wastin'!
Cut out all the chatter while you're on the job! Show some control!
Don't dawdle! Bring it here!
Grrrrrr! That's not what you were supposed to bring! You're useless! You're fired!!
You've been fired, so scram! Now!
That's it! You're fired! You want to get your job back, show me you got guts!
What? You again? Aren't you the whelp that just got fired? You're back to give it a second shot, is that it?
Now hurry up and bring the next one!
All right, that's number two! Just one more to go!
That's all of them! Your job's finished! Now give Dekki the good news!
There's nothing left for you to give me! Get going and report to Dekki!
Nice work! You're not as worthless as you look, you know that? That's it! Job's done! You did well, so I'm gonna give you a special reward! A Power Bracelet! Put this on and you can move even the heaviest things!
Hey there! How you doin'? Help us make all woods Deku Scrub-friendly environments!
You've got promise. That's why you should become Deku Scrubs!
I adore Lord Ganon, but that shady guy who looks like you ain't so great. He's not one of us, but he still pushes us around like he's some kinda big shot!
Do you know this village, Link? Kakariko was once home to many kind people. Now however, it's become a rather dangerous place. The darkness that cloaks its people has cost many of them their humanity. It's madness. How much stronger will this darkness in Hyrule grow? Hoo hoot? Dark Mirror? Hoo... So the shrine maidens have said they want you to watch over it? Link... You've proven yourself to be trustworthy and reliable. There's no need for me to fuss about. I entrust the future of Hyrule to you! I'm going to take to the skies and check on the rest of Hyrule. Forge on, Link! Hyrule is counting on you!
!!! Wh-What are you doing to our village?!? Hurry up and put those fires out! And then get out of our village!
Wait, you aren't that dark, shadowy guy, are you? But, uh, you are the one who made it rain, aren't you? ...Thank you.
... ... ... ... ... Darling... What will I ever do without you...
Dearest, we've been married now for 56 years, and you've always been so good to me. After I'm gone, please don't let yourself be too sad for too long. If you get lonely, get yourself a cute Cucco as a pet. If you do, perhaps you'll be able to forget some of your sorrow. Good-bye, old timer. We'll meet again one day.
... ... ... ... ... Ah, what an adorable Cucco. It warms my old heart. After my wife passed on, I was prepared to spend the rest of my days alone... But now that I've seen that Cucco... Would you...let me take care of it for you? I'll give you this key, and you can even take as many Force Gems as you like. If I have that Cucco by my side, I won't need anything else.
Her last wish was that I adopt myself a pet Cucco. What a little cutie...
Ohh...there! I can see it! The future... What it holds for you. It's in my crystal. For 100 Force Gems, I'll tell you what I see. OK?
What do you mean? Does the future...frighten you? Ah, well... Come again...
To tickle my fortune-telling fancy, I'll need 100 Force Gems. ...Iddly biddly... ...Babbledy goobledy... Alakawhoopity!
Uncontrollable power will be unleashed! ...Jibba jabba... ...Shoobeedoo... ...Yow! You lost 300 Force Gems... I'm sneaky, aren't I?
Common days... Monotonous life... It's all so ordinary... The crystal shows the same old you with no changes at all... It's a shame, isn't it? Let me do this for you. You got 1 Force Gem! And you should be thankful you even got that much! That'll hold you for a while, won't it? (if reading is good) An unexpected blessing may make an appearance! ...Jibba jabba... ...Shoobeedoo... ...Yow! You got 200 Force Gems! Bask In Force light! I'm good, aren't I?
The thief whose hideout is under the tree at the town entrance is awful. I think he stole all of my Force Gems while I was out on my apprenticeship.
Leave the village and follow a mighty river downstream. and you'll find a temple. You should go there and swear your allegiance to the great king.
This road splits one fate into two. Welcome to the dungeon of mystery! Those who wish to try their luck for items start here. If you're just here for the sight-seeing, exit this way.
Only five forks remain in the path of destiny!
Only four forks remain in the path of destiny!
Only three forks remain in the path of destiny!
Only two forks remain in the path of destiny!
Only one fork remains in the path of destiny!
Tackling the destiny that lies before you is an important part of life.
There are a lot of thieves in these parts. That's why I dug a pit to trap 'em! And it looks like I've caught someone in it! C'mon, youngsters! If you'll dig, I'll point out where that pit is!
There! Dig there!
Look at that! Found a pit, did you? Probably nothin' in there but a thief, I'm guessing.
I've built a fence around the village to keep any thieves from escaping! If you want to leave the village, you have to capture ten thieves first. All you gotta do is lift the rascals up with the R Button and put 'em in the cage. I'm countin' on you.
You still have __ thieves left to capture. I know their hideout's around here somewhere. Use the R Button to lift 'em up and put 'em in this cage. Nab every last one of them miscreants even the once holed up in their lair.
Too bad! You got nothing!
Well, I'll be! Did you really capture every last one of the thieves? What a relief that is. Now that they're all gone, I can take that fence down. You can come and go as you please from now on.
Looks like peace and quiet will return to our village. No need for me to look out my window for thieves anymore. What a relief! And we have you to thank for all of this!
You've seen it, of course, haven't you? All the trouble we've been having with fires around the village? What we need is a good downpour, but there's nary a drop of rain to be had. I'd say a rain prayer, but I can't very well use the flame from our own fires. Hmm... Gotta do something, or the village is doomed. What to do...
What I really need is a good flame to use as part of my rain prayer.
Oh...rain! Blessed. blessed rain... But...this is a bit...too much rain... I don't know why, but this doesn't feel right.
Oh, I'm so hungry... I want to chow down on those fish, but I can't catch 'em! If you can get 10 or more of them in my mouth, I'll give you a reward! Do you want to try? Hm? Do you?
I'm famished... Go away!
I'm really famished, so you've got to do it within a minute! Ready... GO! Hold it! Oh, that was tasty! Here's your reward. I'm stuffed!
Cough cough... Did... Did you put out the fires? I'm always getting sick, and when those thugs started the fires...cough... I had to stay locked away in here for my health. I'd like to give you something for rescuing our village. There's a treasure buried in a pit in my yard. You'll get more out of it than I ever will. So...cough...I want you to have it.
My most special treasure, my bug net... It got burned up... It's so sad. I used to dream about going to the forest with it when I got better.
Bearer of the Four Sword. I am the Knight of Hyrule charged with guarding the green royal jewel. The Four Sword was the seal to Vaati's prison. If you have it, that means the seal has been broken. Yet the one who enshrouded me in darkness was not Vaati! It was... Ah! If the one who enchanted me and turned the jewel into a dark portal wanted Vaati restored... His goal must be to use Vaati to remake Hyrule into a land of darkness. Listen to me, heroes. You must never forget that Vaati is not the only foe you face. I will follow my brother knight's lead and entrust to you this green royal jewel. Now go! You and the Four Sword!
We're here to make sure no shady types get into the temple! You guys look like a bunch of weaklings, though. If you go in, you'll get stomped. Ah, but it's a free world... You can go get stomped if you want! Ha ha ha hah!
The inside of the temple is a rough place. You'll get torn up in no time! You'd better be prepared!
Hey! Why have you come to the Temple of Darkness? Are you here to see Lord Ganon?!
You'll learn how strong Lord Ganon is soon enough!
Lord Ganon told us to keep watch for any travelers moving in groups of four. And there are four of you, aren't there? Geh heh heh... But Lord Ganon would never be afraid of kids like you. He must mean someone else.
Whew... I'm beat! I've come all the way from the Lost Woods to pay my respects.
Grrr! What a bunch of thugs! Blowing up our foundation with your stupid little bombs! That's right! This is the foundation for the glorious Lord Ganon's statue! It's not done yet, so don't go manhandling it, punks! Just be careful, because if there are holes to the north and south of it, it'll move!
Gwaaaaaaa!!! You... You moved our precious foundation! You... You dared to touch it!! What do you think you're doing? You're so mean!! Wahhh!!!
We're planning a cool stone monument to put up here! The inscription's been finalized and everything! "1. Put four in a vertical line." That's what it'll say! Is that cool or what?!
We're planning a stylish stone monument to put up here! The inscription's been finalized and everything! "2. Break oil pots." Now is that or is that not the very height of style?! Seriously, am I right?
We're planning a grand stone monument to put here! The inscription's been finalized and everything! "3. On the left wall." One of the best inscriptions ever, am I right?!
We're planning a sweet stone monument to put up here! The inscription's been finalized and everything! "4. Four push together as one." That's super sweet, right?
Ah! The Dark Mirror... Someone's stolen the Dark Mirror! That mirror reveals the wickedness within a person and brings it to life. It's an item of terrible, dark power. No good can come from this. Shadow Link!! Could he be your evil reflection, cast by the Dark Mirror? If that were the motive of the mirror's thief... This is disastrous! If we don't get the mirror back, Hyrule will be overrun with evil Shadow Links. The mirror... Who took it? And where?
The red shrine maiden's in trouble! The Mirror! The Dark Mirror!
The white maiden? I'm worried about the mirror, too. Who could have stolen it? And what of the other shrine maidens? Has Princess Zelda been rescued?
The whereabouts of the purple maiden and the princess are still... We still have no clear idea of who stole the mirror. However, there is something that disturbs me. When those...things...first entered my woods, they spoke of their dark lord. "Ganon, Ganon," they chanted. It was as though they were...worshipping.
Ganon... I've heard that name before. No wait... It was Ganondorf... But, no... That man was of the Gerudo tribe. I can't imagine these creatures worshipping some desert nomad. There's a Gerudo village in the desert. I doubt there is any connection, but it cannot hurt to check the village. Beyond the village lie ruins and an ancient pyramid. They are so old that no living creature knows very much about them. All I can tell you is that no on who sets foot in the pyramid ever returns. If one of the maidens is there, I fear for her safety. Link... Despite all of this, we must go there. Let us be on our way! To the endless desert sands!
Take heed, Link. The road you must take is enveloped in a fierce wind. But remember how far you've traveled. You must proceed. You must go forward. You can meet any obstacle that arises. I believe that. A Gerudo village lies due north of here. Go and speak with them.
Welcome. It's been a long time since we've seen any travelers here. This village is our home. We are the dwellers in the desert, the Gerudo tribe. The village is in a bit of an uproar contending with a man who broke our laws. We can't do much for you, but make yourself at home.
The pyramid is sacred to our people. To have a criminal such as him enter... His presence stains its holy ground.
The Desert Temple was built to keep people away from the pyramid. None who enter the pyramids or the temple have ever returned. They are tombs. Yet the man has gone there by himself. All for the sake of his own mad desire!
Once every 100 years, a special child is born unto my people. That child is destined to be the mighty guardian of the Gerudo and the desert. But this child, its heart grew twisted with every passing year. The child became a man who hungered for power at any price.
Curse that Ganondorf! He broke our laws and left for the pyramid... I don't know what he plans, but I am worried...
Within this desert, an ancient temple slumbers amid ruins. A perpetual sandstorm blows here, a barrier to hinder those who seek to enter. If you plunge headlong into the sands, you'll wind up right where you started.
Tell me travelers what brings you to these borderlands? Hmm... I see... You came on word of the maidens, eh? Yes, this Ganondorf you speak of is a member of the Gerudo. But his intent is unknown to me. He has flouted the law and fled for the pyramid. To reach the pyramid, one must first pass the trial of the Desert Temple. The villain Ganondorf will no doubt draw his last breath failing this trial. We've blocked the road to the desert to keep other fools from coming. But considering the crisis in Hyrule, we've no reason to stop you brave lads. Go to the entrance of the village and speak to the guards at the gate.
The world is in turmoil. The desert and her storms have grown fierce. Please rescue the maidens...and our world.
From here on, the sandstorms are brutal. Kids like you will never make it through!
... ... ... Eh? You've received special permission? Well, then... I've no choice, do I? Go ahead. Go on through. Remember though, the storms ahead are terrible. Be careful out there.
The sandstorms grow more fierce from here on. Be careful.
The road to truth will open only for those who oppose the inconstant winds.
Oh, visitors to this village are truly rare, you know? We of the Zuna tribe live in this village. We may not look it now. but we are descended from the wise pyramid builders!
The man who came from the south a while back gave off bad vibes. I waved and everything, but the jerk just ignored me! Hmph!
I'll give you a sand rub for 100 Force Gems! It's a special massage that's good for the heart!
And I was going to give you a sand massage, too... Oh well! Next time!
100 Force Gems exactly. Here's your massage! Rub rub...rub... Squeeze here... Squeeze there... Rub...rub rub... A bit more here... A bit less there... There you go! All done! Whew! That is fantastic!
Do you want to know the secret of the pyramid? When we're young, we're told all the legends of the pyramid! There are many frightening tales about the pyramid. They say there's an evil force... No, wait... They say there's no evil force. Wait...which one was it? Evil force or no evil force?
I was wandering about and came across this temple in the desert. Eh? Where was it? Uhm...let's see... I had no business there, so I forgot.
Will your Force Gems multiply or dropify? Risk 100 Force Gems and see! What do you say?
Too bad... Save up your Force Gems and try again.
Excellent! Then open the chest of your choice!
Talk about lucky! 150 Force Gems!
To go west from here, you must take uniform steps and move slowly. or else!
I am the Knight of Hyrule charged with guarding the red royal jewel. Hear now the doom of the knights. We were bested by a foe with a mighty weapon. He cast us into the Dark World, were we and the jewels were lost in shadow. The Tower of Winds vanished, and I... No, WE servants of the crown were turned into monsters! The man that defeated us is also the same man who created that shadowy imp. A man from the desert wastes... He is not Vaati. Your dark twin was sent by him to trick you into breaking Vaati's seal. I wonder were the fiend got the amazing power he now wields. It matters not! None of this allows me to aid Princess Zelda. And yet I cannot go on... Brave ones...I entrust the red royal jewel to you. You now possess three of them. Obtain the fourth, and bring light back to the Realm of the Heavens!
To he who would be tested, use both body and spirit to pull the watchman forth.
Oh! This is SO frustrating! The floor's filled with holes, and I can't go anywhere! I wish I could fly like a Pegasus... If only I had boots that could do that!
Hm? That writing on those large rocks... It's in an ancient tongue... Let's see if I can read it. ... ... ... Seek...you...the world? Seek you...power? Does your...soul...despise peace and...thirst for... more? Does you soul...cry... for...destruction and... conquest? We...grant you...power to ...ruin...the world. The power of...darkness. Evil...spirit of magic trident. You are...the... King of Darkness. ... ... ... Evil spirit... Spirit of magic? Trident? This indentation is in the shape of a weapon. Do you think the person who took this trident was... Ganondorf?!? The King of Darkness is not Vaati? Does this mean this wicked man is somewhere in Hyrule plotting even now? Link! The situation is even more desperate than I believed! We must hurry!
Link! You've come to my aid? You came to this pyramid of no return just to rescue me? Oh, thank you, Link! ...Princess Zelda? Is this true? So she's still in the clutches of those creatures? My sisters, show yourselves please.
We'll work together to find Princess Zelda! Let our six hearts be one... Now let us call to her!
... ... ... ... ...Ah! Link?! Is that you? And the shrine maidens! You're all safe... I'm so relieved. Link, I'm in the Tower of Winds. This is no longer the tranquil road to the Realm of the Heavens. Vaati's underlings have turned it into a frozen fortress. Hurry, Link! Vaati's power grows ever stronger, even as we speak...
Ah! Princess Zelda! The Tower of Winds!! She is trapped in the Tower of Wind, which has now vanished from Hyrule... Accursed Vaati! The princess is in danger! Link! Quickly, you must get the last royal jewel and bring back the tower! You heroes have crossed Hyrule and gathered three of the jewels. There's only one place left to search. Frozen Hyrule, where the power of darkness keeps spring at bay... The last royal jewel must be there! No matter the cost to us, Princess Zelda must be rescued!! Hurry, Link!
Link, the Tower of Winds has vanished. If we enshrine the royal jewels on the Four Sword's sacred ground, the temple may reappear. We'll go on ahead and guard the sacred ground from our foe until you arrive. The power of darkness has halted the flow of time here, and winter lingers on. We must believe in tomorrow and hold true to our hope. May our passion keep our hearts from freezing! Link, you must first seek out the final royal jewel! Then, we will go to the Tower of Winds, where Princess Zelda awaits.
Pipiii! It's my incredible creation, the Snow Wall! Unless you flame it while in Deku Scrub formation, you can't melt it! In other words, guys like you will never be able to get by this wall! I am soooo smooooth!
Heroes! You've done well to get this far... I am the Knight of Hyrule charged with guarding the purple royal jewel. Thanks to you, we have been freed from the dark spells that bound us. You must now take the four royal jewels past this ice-bound temple and fly to sacred grounds! Then you can enter the tower leading to the Palace of Winds, where Vaati lurks. Deep within the palace which soars above the Realm of the Heavens, a terrible darkness awaits you all. Yet if you do not dispel that darkness, true peace will never return to Hyrule. The fate of Princess Zelda-- and all of Hyrule--rests in your hands!
Move rocks and ice away from the departed, so that they may rest in peace.
Link, the sacred grounds lie within this forest. Preparations are complete. Come, let us proceed.
Link... You've returned to where you started, the Four Sword Sanctuary. Now, give us the four royal jewels...
Hear me, heavens... Hear me, earth... Heed the light of the royal jewels enshrined here, and restore to us... the Tower of Winds!!
Link! Climb the tower. You are entrusted with Princess Zelda's safety!
OooooOOoo... Strike cracked blocks forcefully from above to smash them to bits. Everyone knows that. I didn't know that... No one ever told me, and now it's too late... I must leave some kind of record of my mishap before it happens to someone else. ...Why did I write out "OooooOOoo"?
Link? It is you, isn't it, Link? I believed you would come to my rescue, and here you are. I knew you would wield the Four Sword and come... Thanks to your efforts the darkness above ground is thinning. The maidens and I will pray to keep the darkness from recovering its full strength. However, the Realm of the Heavens is now overflowing with Vaati's monsters. The darkness in the Realm of the Heavens must be purged if true peace is to return.
Warning! Strong winds!
Urrrrr... Strike cracked blocks forcefully from above, and they'll break. You can also use the momentum of being shot from cannons to do the same. Everyone knows that. Except me. That's the first thing I learned when I got here. Didn't help me much, though... Urrrrk...
Urrrk... I thought I'd finally made it to paradise, but...this place is no paradise. If you whack it, it will appear... A mountain of spikes.
Link! The Shadow Links will regenerate if left alone! I must act...
Link! Now! Defeat Shadow Link!
At last, the Dark Mirror has been retrieved...
The Shadow Link, the one who wrought so much havoc upon Hyrule... No longer will his troubling shade darken our world. The one who stole this mirror and brought forth the Shadow Link... He who plunged Hyrule into darkness draws near! ... ... ... The heroes must be given passage to the final battle. A bridge!
The time to face the wind sorcerer Vaati is at hand. There will be many traps waiting for you in the Palace of Winds. Reaching the fiend will be no small task. Yet you, Link, are the only one who can save Hyrule. The maidens and I and the fortunate people whom you have rescued... those whom the darkness claimed, the Knights of Hyrule, and many others... We all believe that you, Link, will deliver us from this peril and bring us peace. And I... I will wait for you. Please, do not forget...
You who are guided by shadows may in turn guide shadows...
(no dialogue) Final Confrontation: Ganon
Link! You've defeated the wind sorcerer Vaati. ...!
This palace was built on the power of Vaati's magical strength. With its master gone, it can no longer retain its form. We can't stay here any longer! We must escape to the Tower of Winds!
This was all there was to the wind sorcerer Vaati, eh? Before the Four Sword, you were at your wit's end. Useless cur! I did not steal enough power from the Hyruleans. My blood boils, heroes! It seethes at the sight of you! I thirst for destruction! For the pure release of rage, the power of wrath! Four Sword or no, my trident will reduce you to nothingness! I'm waiting, you worms!
What's going on? Why is the Tower of Winds beginning to collapse? Link! We have to get out quickly!
There are still monsters about. If Vaati did not call them, then...who did?
What is this sense of dread that fills the air?
While we linger here, the tower is crumbling about us! We must hurry!
The tower's collapsing... I sense a tremendous power approaching!
The exit's not much farther!
The exit's nearby! Hu-Hurry!
What?! That raw patch of darkness, deeper than the blackest night... Is... Is that Vaati? No, it's not the wind sorcerer... No matter, I must use my power to seal it away!
Can't breathe... My strength is failing me... The very air around me is growing thin...dying... I only need a bit... more power...
MORE!! Enough! The princess of Hyrule and all her power amounts to nothing! Zelda! I, Ganon, now seal you away forever!
Gwah haa haaaa! Weaklings! Incompetent fools! You so-called heroes do not stand even a gnat's chance of harming me! Even if you worms attack in a group, I will skewer the lot of you on my mighty trident!!
Ganon... This beast was once of the Gerudo... Once human. He was called Ganondorf! King of Darkness, ancient demon reborn. The wielder of the trident!!
Yet now... While Ganon's power has waned... I will pour all of my remaining strength into this ball of light! While it is suffused with power, I will release it and strike! At that time, use this!
Fire at the ball of light with all your might! If we combine our powers, we may yet be able to seal Ganon away from the world! Link! You must hold back Ganon until my ball of light is ready!!
Do you think to stop me? You have not even a fool's chance of facing my power. Once I am finished here, I shall be rid of your Princess Zelda forever!
Now! Hold the Four Sword over your head!
Gyaaaaaaa! What... What have you done? I am the King of Darkness! I cannot be destroyed by insects like you! Noooo!!!
... ... Link. We whom you protected, and all of Hyrule as well... We will struggle together and grow stronger than before. We will work as one, as the four of you have done. We will work...together. Now, the Four Sword... Place the sword that sealed away the darkness on the pedestal.