Later that evening Ilia courts Epona indolently to the springs
running to Link's house
If Link tries to leave for Ordon Village
Link joins Ilia at the springs
Link plucks a reed from the ground and blows into it
Link returns to Ordon with Epona
Link herds the confluence of goats into the barn
Link tries to ride Epona
If Link misses
If Link misses again
If Link overpowers the goat
Link tries to enter the Mayor's house
stung by a squadron of bees
if you break the bee hive with the hawk
If Link destroys a pumpkin patch
Link calls a hawk and rescues the cradle
If you didn't talk to her before
Link carries the cradle to the house
Link receives the fishing rod
Link catches a Greengill with the fishing rod
The cat runs back to Sera's house
If you didn't talk to her before
Link tries to leave
Link hits the target
Link destroys all of the targets
If you already have the sword
If you don't have the sword
Link enters his house and returns with the sword
Link tries to leave
If you do the wrong move
If Link does the wrong move
Link stabs the scarecrow
If Link does the wrong move
Link does the spin attack
If Link does the wrong move
Link performs the jump attack
A monkey appears from the woods
Talo, Malo, and Beth chase it
Link finds both Beth and Malo by the springs
At the other end of a snaking cavern Link meets a man named Coro
Coro offers Link a lantern
Link sets the logs ablaze
If you go back to Ordon
At the foot of the Forest Temple Link finds Talo with his captors
Link destroys the cage and takes Talo back to the village
Speak to Fado during the goat herding
If you herded slower than three minutes
If you herded faster than three minutes
Epona buckles on her haunches, leaping the gate to the village - Ilia runs to her side
Link wrangles the goat
A gate keeps Link from entering the springs
Link crawls through the tunnel into the spring
Link is knocked unconscious by King Bulblin - The children are gone when he awakens, and he is pulled into the twilight as his world is cloaked in darkness
Link awakens in a jail cell
Link burrows beneath the ground and comes out on the other side
He pulls the chain and opens the path
Midna coalesces on the other side of the gate
The stairs come apart beneath his feet
The stairs sweep up to the top of the tower
Link leaps through the window - Outside is a tranquil, dowdy world frozen in time
A Hylian soldier cowers on the rooftop
The stairs sweep up to a hardwood door - The room, once opulent, now gazes out on to the world of ruin - In the corner is a woman, cloaked, elegant, stately, mysterious
Flashback to the throne room of Hyrule Castle
Link leaps through window
Midna transports Link back to Ordon Springs
Get within earshot
If you didn't scare them off the first time
A hawk attacks Link
Link enters the house through an arrant window
Link burrows into the house and steals the sword
Link defeats the shadow being that appeared from the twilight portal
Midna pulls Link into the twilight
Shadow creatures attack Link
After the final shadow creature revives its fallen comrades
Link defeats the final enemy
If you try to leave Faron Woods
After you defeat the insects inside of Coro's house
If you walk into the fog beyond the cavern
A monkey is attacked by insects
Link destroys the insects
If you try to leave the forest
He hands Link the small key
On the other side of the cave, a monkey steals Link's lantern
It discards the lantern on the other side of the fog
If you try to leave before you get the lantern back
If you pay him
Link is confronted by a golden wolf at the entrance to the Forest Temple and is teleported to another world
Link brings the weight of his weapon down into the warrior's chest
Link enters the Forest Temple
One of the monkeys severs the cords of the bridge with his boomerang
Link breaks a jar and finds Ooccoo
After Link defeats the monkey, he receives the Gale Boomerang
Link frees another trapped monkey
If you get the compass
Link defeats Diababa at the end of the dungeon
Link steps out into Hyrule Field, and in the distant continuity where land meets sky without sinew, beyond the rim at the top of the hill, Hyrule Castle stands bathed in the tangled gloom of twilight under the vast veneer of the Twilight King - As he walks along the path toward Kakariko, Link is met by the mail carrier
Link meets the wall of twilight up ahead
If you try to leave the twilight
Link finds a backpack up ahead and catches the scent
Link transports to North Faron Woods
A bridge lies against the knee of a cliff
If Link warps to the wrong location
Midna warps the bridge piece to Kakariko Gorge
Link arrives at Kakariko
Link digs through a soft patch of earth alongside the gate and enters Kakariko
Link falls through the opening of a roof
Link sets fire to all of the candles
Link descends into the cellar
The scaffolding leads up through the graveyard and back to Kakariko - Link's paws tread hatched and withered shingles, which collapse beneath his weight
The twilight throws cold light down on the rooftops - Link tries to smoke an insect out of the bomb hut, but the blaze consumes the house
Link takes the Death Mountain path
Link defeats all of the insects
Colin comes out of the house
The Goron throws Link from the cliff
Epona rushes into Kakariko Village with Bulblins on her back
If you try to leave
Link corrals her
Link and Epona are intercepted by the Postman on the way back to Ordon
When Link rides back to Ordon, the villagers take the news of the children with the ease that the worst is past
Link and Bo sumo wrestle
If you let Bo win
Alternate dialogue
If you win
Link and Bo wrestle again
If you let Bo win
Alternate dialogue
If you win
If you try to leave
Link finds the Iron Boots in the chest
Link shuttles the goats into the barn
If you were slower than three minutes
If you were faster than three minutes
If you go into the barn, you'll find the Postman
Link rushes back to Kakariko, but he is too late to stop King Bulblin from taking Colin hostage
Link defeats King Bulblin - Colin awakes back at Kakariko
Renado takes Colin to the upper room of the inn
Link visits Colin
Link goes to Death Mountain and plunges the Goron off of the cliff
Link enters the inner sanctum of the Gorons
If you lose
If you lose with the boots on
If you win
If you find Ooccoo in a jar
If you let your shield set on fire
Link defeats Fyrus
Link is transported to the spring in Kakariko
Link finds Ilia's backpack and has a flashback
Link finds the depredated stonewalls surrounding Hyrule Castle
Link crosses the wooden bridge and enters Castle Town from the east
To the south of Hyrule Castle is the Great Bridge of Hylia, anchored and crumbling to the ground - Link is assaulted on either side by fire
Link leaps from the bridge and lands in the water below
If you didn't go to Hyrule Castle Town
If you went to Hyrule Castle Town
Link defeats the monster
If you fall off
The bird carries Link to the source of the water
Link reaches the top of Zora's Domain
Link warps to Death Mountain
If Link warps to the wrong location
If Link warps it correctly, the roots of the rock are sheared from the ground and sever the ice in Zora's Domain
seeing an insect
Link calls another bird
Link is dropped on the riverbank
Link lets the river take him back to Hyrule Castle
Link finds the last insect underneath a box next to Telma's Bar
Link warps to Lake Hylia and defeats the final insect
Link heads back to Telma's Bar
Ilia makes her appeal, but the doctor is gone - There is no recognition in her eyes as she glances at Link
She turns around, but the soldiers are gone
Link defeats King Bulblin
If you get ahead of the wagon
Link escorts Telma's wagon into Kakariko Village
The Postman leans down in front of the hearth
Queen Zora appears to Link outside and guides him to the Graveyard
Link travels back to Lake Hylia
Link destroys the rock in front of Lakebed Temple
Inside, stalactites fall from the ceiling
If you catch a Skullfish
At the end of the dungeon, Link defeats Morpheel
Link is transported to Lanayru's cave
Zant exposes Midna to the light - Lanayru transports Link and Midna to northern Hyrule Field
Link enters Castle Town
Link enters Telma's Bar
Louise, Telma's cat, speaks to Link from the window ledge
Link enters through the window
If you've never talked to them before
If you knock a jar to the ground
On the other side is entry into Jovani's house
Link defeats the Poe
Link eventually enters Zelda's room through a window
Zelda passes on her power and disappears
Link heads to Faron Woods
Link defeats the Skull Kid
The stairs slope up through the decayed ruins of the Temple of Time and into the company of the Blade of Evil's Bane - It stands broad and proud in the bereavement of ruins, as if it was the only survivor of an ancient blitz - Link unsheathes the sword from the bed of rock, and as the fogs rolls away and the forest becomes lucid and clear, he holds it above his head and accepts his fate as hero
Link warps to Lake Hylia and finds Auru on top of a tower overlooking Gerudo Desert
If you press B
Along the Gerudo Mesa you will find the piece of the Eldin Bridge
If you warp it to the wrong location
If you go back to Lake Hylia
Link enters the Arbiter's Ground, an ancient tomb slithering down into the core of earth
Zant awaits you at the end of the dungeon
Link defeats the awakened Stallord
Link ascends to the crown of Arbiter's Ground and finds the Mirror of Twilight shattered
If you've talked to her before
Link arrives in Zora's Domain
Link departs for Snowpeak Mountain
If you've never met her
If you show the sketch to the Zoras
Link warps to Kakariko Village, where Prince Ralis is grieving in front of the grave of his family
Link shows him the note
Link returns to Zora's Domain and catches the Reekfish
In his courage, Link finds the strength to topple Snowpeak, even as the thunderous wind threatens to tear him from the cliff and throw him down the mountain path and the packed snow clutches at his fur and solders his skin like a hot iron - Upon his ascension to the top of the mountain, he finds a docile Yeti with a Reekfish hanging from his hand
If you approach as wolf
If you approach as human
At the bottom of the mountain is a large mansion, ostensibly a solitary Oriental mountain house
Roasting in front of the fire is Yeto's wife, Yeta
An Ordon pumpkin lies within the treasure chest
Yeto stirs the pumpkin in with the rest of the stew
After Link assails the northern annex and defeats Darkhammer, he finds goat cheese in the treasure chest
Yeto is smitten by the smell of goat cheese and adds it to his concoction of fish and pumpkin
Link finds the bedroom key on the top floor of the mansion
The mirror transforms Yeta into a monster - Link defeats her
Yeto attends to his fallen wife
If you've talked to her before
Link returns to Faron Woods
If you didn't meet him in Telma's Bar
Link pursues the Skull Kid through the woods
Link returns the Master Sword to its place in the pedestal and ascends the steps to the Temple of Time
If you use your wolf senses
If you've never met Ooccoo before
If you leave and come back
Link defeats Armoghoma in the temple's basement
If you've met Telma's friends before
Shad is deciphering the owl statue in the basement of Renado's hut
If you never met Shad before
Link enters Telma's Bar and shows her the letter
Borville is at his office in the western thoroughfare
Link shows him the tab
Link finds the scent behind a crate
The medicine scent leads into Telma's Bar
Link recovers the wooden statue from the pack of Stalhounds
The wooden statue sparks Ilia's memory
Darbus goes ahead of Link - When Link arrives, Darbus has already finished
If you try to open the door
Impaz comes out of her house once all of the Bulblins are defeated
Link returns to Kakariko and shows Ilia the horse call
Link shows Shad the book
He repeats the ancient incantation
Under each owl statue is a successive piece of the Sky writing
Link returns to Shad
Link moves the owl statue with the Dominion Rod - Inside of the alcove is a broken cannon
Link warps the Sky Cannon to Lake Hylia
Fyer works on the cannon until it is operational
Ooccoo joins Link in the cannon before it blasts off
A dragon flies overhead
Inside shop
Link defeats Argorok, claiming the fourth and final piece of the mirror
Link warps to the Mirror Chamber in the Arbiter's Ground
Link enters the Twilight Realm with Midna
Link is engulfed by a dark fog and reverts to wolf form
If you try to turn back into a human
If the hand steals back the Sol
Link returns the Sol to its place near the entrance
Link returns both Sols to their place
At the end of the palace, Link enters Zant's chamber
Link defeats Zant
Midna destroys Zant
Midna uses the power of the Fused Shadows to dispel the barrier surrounding Hyrule Castle - Inside, Link meets King Bulblin
Link defeats King Bulblin
Link meets Ganon at the top of Hyrule Castle
Zelda, who was using Midna to harbor her soul, reawakens
Midna transports Link and Zelda to Hyrule Field so that she alone can face the King of Darkness - Ganon follows on his horse
Ganon is thrown from his horse
Link pierces Ganon through the chest
Ganon dies standing in the hours of twilight - Upon his death Midna's curse is broken - Link charges up the hill
Credits roll - The camera pans across Hyrule - We return to the Mirror Chamber, where Midna prepares to depart the light world
(No)
(Yes)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(analog up)
(analog up)
(X inches)
(analog stick)
(analog stick)
(analog stick)
(I'll buy it.)
(No thanks.)
(remote)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(crosshair)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(crosshair)
(analog stick)
(analog stick)
(crosshair)
(remote)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(remote)
(remote)
(remote)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(analog stick)
(remote)
(No)
(Yes)
(time)
(Sorry, kid.)
(Sorry, but no.)
(Sorry, but no.)
(I understand. OK.)
(D Pad)
(D Pad)
(D Pad)
(No thanks.)
(Tell me.)
(Down on D Pad)
(Down on D Pad)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(I'll stay.)
(Warp out!)
(Go back!)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(Warp)
(Speak to Midna)
(Speak to Midna)
(analog stick)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(analog stick)
(Yes)
(No)
(analog stick)
(Yes)
(No)
(Not interested.)
(I'll challenge you.)
(remote)
(Sorry, partner.)
(Yes)
(No)
(time)
(time)
(No)
(Retreat)
(Challenge!)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes)
(No)
(No thanks)
(Special - Repairs)
(Give it a shot.)
(No)
(Yes)
(kind of bombs)
(X)
(X)
(No thanks.)
(Sure! I'll sell!)
(X)
(X)
(Buy!)
(Yes)
(No)
(Try again)
(Quit)
(Continue)
(Yes)
(No)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(Go)
(Later)
(Speak to Midna)
(Warp)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(X inches)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes, I am.)
(Yes, I am.)
(Yes)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
(No)
(Yes)
(remote)
(D Pad)
(Talk to Midna)
(Warp)
(No)
(Specials - Repairs)
(No)
(Yes)
(Yes)
(No)
(Yes)
(No)
Tell me...Do you ever feel a strange sadness as dusk falls? They say it's the only time when our world intersects with theirs... ...The only time we can feel the lingering regrets of spirits who have left our world. That is why loneliness always pervades the hour of twilight... But enough talk of sadness...I have a favor to ask of you, Link. I was supposed to deliver something to the royal family of Hyrule the day after tomorrow... Yes, it was a task set to me by the mayor, but...would you go in my stead? You have...never been to Hyrule, right? In the kingdom of Hyrule there is a great castle, and around it is Castle Town, a community far bigger than our little village. ...And far bigger than Hyrule is the rest of the world the gods created. You should look upon it all with your own eyes. It is getting late... We should head back to the village. I will talk to the mayor about this matter.

Hey! Link! You there? Hey, you mind helpin' me herd the goats? They ain't listenin' to me lately! Hey, where's Epona? C'mon, now, hurry on up an' bring Epona with you.
Hey hey, where are you goin' without Epona? Hurry on up an' bring her with you, bud.
Oh, hi, Link. I washed Epona for you! Epona is a girl too, so you have to treat her nice like one! Oh, but listen, Link... Could you do something for me? Can you use a piece of grass to play that song for me? You know, the one that Epona likes? I tried to play it for Epona, but I just can't seem to play it the way you can, Link.
It's such a nice melody... Epona looks happy. Well, she's all prettied up now, so I suppose you can ride her back. But don't you make her do too much, OK? What's the matter? Aren't you going to help out at the ranch?
Ah, if it isn't young Link. Are you going to close down the ranch for the day? I just closed the shop, myself. I'm sure you know all about the mischievous monkeys that've been coming into the village lately... Those things worry me a bit. I'd better lock up tight here... I couldn't stand to have any more goods stolen... Can't trust that good-for-nothing husband to do anything right...
C'mon, Dad! You can't catch a silly little monkey?
Uhh... Well... No. No, I can't.
Oh... Listen to us babble on. I didn't mean to keep you. All right, off to work with you.
Why don't you stop by and do a little shopping some other time?
Well... Have a good time at work, Link!
...And be careful out there! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh... Hi, Link. I'm making you a fishing rod, y'know! All I have left to do is paint it, so get ready for fishing! I just need to finish painting it today... Then I need my dad to look it over... My dad, he always has to stick his nose in everything, y'know...
Ah, great timing, Link! There was something I had forgotten to tell you. My son Colin is making a fishing rod so the two of you can play together. He should finish it today, so you come get it at the house tomorrow. Now, it is Colin's first fishing rod, so it may not be the best one out there...but you will be kind and use it anyway, right? See you tomorrow!
Good evening, Link. This is a lovely sunset,is it not? It is kind of you to spend time with my husband, you know... It gives me time for myself! Oh, do you have to go put the livestock to bed now? Well, you should go to the ranch before the sun goes down.
Oh. Link. Looks like you're goin' to help Fado. Good job. He headed up to the ranch ahead of you. You go finish up your chores before the sun goes down. Go on. Get up to the ranch and help out. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sorry to get you over here in such a hurry, Link! These guys have been awful skittish lately. They won't listen to a word I say. Sorry to ask, bud, but how's about you an' Epona herd 'em into the barn real quick? We ain't got much time, so you think you can do it for me?
I'm bettin' that with you two helpin' out, it'll be done in no time. Just say the word once y'all are ready to get started! Y'all about ready to start herdin' these goats?
Much obliged there, bud! OK, then, go on an' herd all these little scamps into the barn for me! Dang, if it ain't a good thing y'all came! OK, then! Herd them goats into the barn with Epona!
Link, Epona... Much obliged to both of y'all! I can cover everythin' tomorrow without havin' to trouble you, so just sit back an' relax, bud. Oh... But, uh, how 'bout today? Wanna practice with fences? Just wait a spell, bud. I'll get them fences set up. Hoo, sorry that took so long! OK, then! Y'all ride all you want! Y'all get tired of ridin', just jump the gate an' head back into the village, OK, bud? Ain't nothin' cooler than fence jumpin' done just right! If y'all press A to dash just as you get near a fence, y'all can jump over the middle of it. Oh, an' if y'all get tired of ridin', just go ahead an' jump the gate to head back to the village. I'll put everythin' away today!
Hey, wake up, Link! It's morning already! Oh, Link! Didja hear? They're selling a slingshot at the store right now! A SLINGSHOT!
I wonder how powerful it is... I... I need... I must try it...
Talo, if you and Malo want it so badly, just buy it at my parents' shop!
Do you see any Rupees in my hand? I can't afford that thing! C'mon, Beth, can't you just loan it to us for a while?
You know I'd get in trouble for that! If you two want it, save up your allowances or something.
But... our allowances are terrible... Aww, I wish I was born into a family with a slingshot instead of one with a waterwheel...
C'mon, Beth. We just want to LOOK at it a little! So can you get it? The slingshot? From the shop?
...Yeah, and if you can't do that, let's just trade families, OK?
KNOCK IT OFF! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hi, Link... You have the day off work today, right? So...I finished the fishing rod I was making. Link, I figured I'd give it to you first thing in the morning, but... My dad said, "You just wait until Link comes to get it!" So I didn't bring it to you... It's also the first day off in a while for Epona, right? She must be happy... Link, my mom has the fishing rod I made for you. Aww, I wish I'd brought it with me...
You have the day off from work, don't you, Link? You have to give Epona a day off, too. Poor girl... Why don't you let Epona take the day off, too! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Well hey, 'morning, Link. Got a day off from work today, m'boy? Not me. The wife's been hassling me... Today's the day to restock our store. Look! See? Up there in that tree... If you use C and then
or
to move the cursor around, you can get a better view. Yeah, some Ordon bees built themselves a fine nest up there, and I was thinking about knocking it down... Our cat hasn't come home since yesterday, so the wife's in a bad mood. At the very least, I need to bring something home to her... I want to knock that nest down so I can get the bee larva inside! Our cat hasn't come home since yesterday, so the wife's been in an awful mood... I don't want to make her even angrier...
Ohhhh... Awww... ...Oh, my... It's young Link... ...Welcome, m'dear. You... You didn't happen to see my little cat out there, did you? He ate the fish we were going to have for supper last night, and I gave him a good scolding...but then he went out and hasn't returned... I'm so fraught with worry for him... I've exhausted myself... Ohhhh... I'm terribly sorry...but my mind is so filled with thoughts of my little cat that I simply can't deal with customers right now... Ohhh... If I had known this was going to happen, I would have let my little kitty eat fish to his heart's content... Link, m'dear... I'm sorry, but would you leave me be? I'll serve you milk later. Ohhhh... I'm terribly sorry...but my mind is just filled with thoughts of my kitty right now... I'll bet he's getting pretty hungry about now... He's probably longing for a fish fresh out of the river...
Huh? Oh! Sorry! Sorry! Didn't realize it was you, Link. I was thinking maybe I could knock it down by throwing rocks at it... But, of course, it's so high up... It makes that pretty hard to do... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh, um, good morning to you. If you are looking for my husband, he took his sword and left early this morning. But I must ask, Link... You have not seen a cradle come floating by here, have you? It is a baby's cradle made of finely woven tree bark... Oh, such a misfortune... How far could it have drifted, I wonder... What am I to do? I made that cradle when my first child was born, and I have cherished it all these years... Just where could it have floated off to, I wonder... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mornin', Link. Sounds like Fado's handlin' things at the ranch on his own today. When he's up there alone, I always figure some calamity or other's gonna happen...
WHOOOOOOOAAA!!! A GOAT GOT LOOSE! IT'S HEADIN' FOR TOWN! SOMEBODY STOP IT!
Argh! The town's precious livestock... THAT'S why I'm uneasy about leavin' the ranch in Fado's hands... If you plant your feet by holdin' down A and hang on to that goat, you'll calm him down real quick. If any more goats get loose, you be sure to grab 'em like that... The goats are gettin' out, the monkeys are causin' trouble... It's tough bein' mayor!
WHOOOOOOOAAA! 'NOTHER LOOSE GOAT! SOMEBODY STOP IT!
Argh... Another one of the town's precious livestock... Link... Get it right, lad! I want you to plant your feet by holdin' down A and then grabbin' that critter...
Aw... Fado did it again... These goats have been awful skittish lately... You always gotta be on your toes! Sorry 'bout that, Link. But thanks to you, that goat didn't get away! (That Fado... Looks like I'll be garnishin' the cost of that goat from his wages!) The goats are gettin' loose, the monkeys are causin' trouble... It's tough bein' mayor! You've heard 'bout 'em, right, Link? Those monkeys? Apparently they've been comin' into the village lately. If you see 'em causin' any trouble, can you teach 'em a lesson for me? I've gotta wonder, what are wild monkeys doin' in town? Did the woods run out of food? At any rate, if you see 'em causin' any trouble, could you teach 'em a lesson for me?
Eh? Oh, did you need Ilia for somethin'? Sorry, sonny, but I was told that if you came by today, I wasn't to let you inside. She's locked herself in her room, workin' like crazy on somethin' or other... Sorry, sonny...but Ilia told me not to let you in today. She'll be awful sore at me if I break my word. She's the spittin' image of her late mother, that girl... Right down to her strong will... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What's goin' on, Link? I thought I told y'all to take the day off, bud! Everythin's fine 'round here! I'm keepin' a close eye on these scamps, an' that's the truth. What's the deal, bud? If y'all got some free time, how's about you go spend it with them young rascals? Go on, now! Get goin', bud! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
That hurts... Ow... If rocks won't work, then what am I supposed to do?
Hi, Link. Welcome. If you're looking for my hubby, he took a break from working and went outside. I wouldn't be surprised if he's taking a nap somewhere... He's in the middle of making a shield for Colin's dad, Rusl, right at the moment. See it? Right over there. Though it looks like it's far from being done... Sorry you came all this way to find him out and about... Link! My boys Malo and Talo aren't giving you headaches, are they? If they are, you feel free to scold them anytime you like.
Yo, Link! Try talking to me from there with A while Z-targeting! Whoa. Hey. You climbed up here without even yelling up at me first. You're a spry one, huh? Well, whatever... Yo! There you are! Check this out... You know Sera, at the general store? Well, isn't that her cat over there? He's just been sitting there next to my house, having a staring contest with the creek. You don't suppose he's thinking he's gonna catch a fish, do you? Ha ha ha! A cat can't catch no fish! Anyway, that's not what I was meaning to tell you about. I want you to take a look at something... See that grass growing there on the edge of that rock? Haven't I seen you whistling with that stuff? I figured it was pretty rare to see it growing in a place like that, so I thought I'd let you know. I bet you could hop across these rocks with just a quick little
, couldn't you? What's that stuff thinking, growing on a rock like that? I guess I just don't understand grass. Well, since you're up here, why don't you use
to hop over there and play a tune for me?
Owww... Using a hawk... Brilliant... Maybe I'll start practicing my grass whistle...
Call me crazy, but I could listen to that grass whistle all day long! So, anyway... I guess I'll just get back to my lounging. Wow, isn't this just ridiculously good weather? Sure is peaceful...
YO! DON'T WASTE FOOD!
Oh! Link! That cradle! Did you go to the trouble of finding it for me? My thanks to you! Oh, that reminds me! There is something I am supposed to give to you... Do you think you could carry that cradle and come with me back to my house?
Oh, my... Link! I have been looking for that cradle! I made it when my first child was born, and I have cherished it all these years. Did you know all this somehow? Did you find it and bring it back to me on purpose? My thanks to you! That reminds me... There is something I am supposed to give you... Do you think you could carry that cradle and come with me back to my house?
My thanks to you, Link. Yes, yes... I had nearly forgotten... I am supposed to give you this... All right... Here you go!
It is a little...unpolished. My son, Colin, made this under the instruction of his father. You can use it if you like. When my son Colin grows up, I want him to be just like you. He really is a sweet boy... He can just be a little...timid.
Oh, you got it... I hope you like it... Aren't you off of work today, Link? Epona finally has a day off, too...
You caught a Greengill
! These small fries are everywhere. Press + to check the fish you've caught on the Collection screen. Let this one go with A.
Oh, my, Link! You simply MUST hear this! Just take a look! My little kitty Link came back! And he brought a fish back with him. He was worried about me being angry!
Oh, my! Link! Come in! Oh, you simply MUST hear this! My little kitty cat is so amazing! Today, he caught a fish all by his little old self! How do you think he caught it? Maybe he's a genius! Ohhh, just look... Isn't he so cute, the way he laps up that milk? Say, m'dear, why don't you have some, too! I'm in a good mood, so it's on the house today! Oh, don't worry, you don't have to return the empty bottle, m'dear. You can reuse it--you know, put something else in it. Recycling is a very important thing, m'dear! I'm sure YOU'D never do anything of the sort, but kids these days toss things out like the whole world was disposable! It's criminal! So, what do you say, m'dear? Is there anything you want today? Feel free to look around using
. Hey, don't just gawk at me! Check out my wares using
. See you again soon! Welcome, m'dear! Interested in something? Take a looking using
. The slingshot is 30 Rupees. Do you want to buy it, m'dear?
What are you doing buying a slingshot, you naughty thing? You're too old for toys! Will you at least let the kids play with it? Oh, I should tell you, if you happen to run out of pellets, you can also use pumpkin seeds.
Ah, just in time, Link! I just delivered something to your room! Oh, I see you got the fishing rod. Colin will be pleased. And it works better than you would think, right? Well, have a good one... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Link has a slingshot! WHOA!
Wow! You had enough money to buy it, Link?
Preparations complete...
OK, wow, this is great! Let's see how powerful that slingshot is! Hit the targets AND those scarecrows!
I can't believe you two brats are so obsessed about this. It just shows what little boys you both still are. These two will never let it go, Link. Just show them. First, use
to aim.
Whoa, wait! Are you going somewhere, Link?
These two are obsessed with your slingshot. They won't shut up about it, so can't you show it to them, pretty please?
...
Not that I know this for SURE, but I bet if you're out of pellets, you can use plain old pumpkin seeds.
That's it, Beth... Enough lies. You HAVE to have used the slingshot before. Admit it!
OK! This time, you have to get to the end, Link!
Ooh, he's gonna show it to us! You're so sweet, Link!
Preparations...complete...
This time you have to hit the targets and the scarecrow so we can see how powerful that thing is!
These two are just obsessed with that slingshot. Which makes sense, since they're just little immature boys. You know these brats will never let you get away, Link. You're going to have to stick it out. Just point with
to aim! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What's wrong, Link?
I'm pretty sure that you go to the - screen to set the slingshot to B. Then you press B to use it! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hurry, shoot so we can see it...
Hurry up and show us!
I can teach you how to use it...
You go to the - screen and set the slingshot to B... Then you press B to fire. It's not complicated.
Whoa! You hit it! You hit it! It says in the slingshot manual that you can tilt
to look around while using the slingshot.
I thought you weren't interested, Beth...
There's still some left! Hurry! Hurry!
I'm pretty sure you use
to aim with
and tilt
to look around...
...You know too much. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There's still some left.
You point with
to aim
to look around.
Beth, admit it. You've used this thing before. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There are still targets left!
There are five in all!
Tilt
to look around and then just aim
with
BETH, TALO, AND MALO Whoa! Amazing, Link!
If you lock on with Z, then you don't have to aim with the cursor at all!
Gee, you really are amazing, Link!
Yeah, you are! You can use swords and slingshots and everything!
Hey, yeah, that reminds me, you've gotta teach us how to use a sword, too! Seriously! Lately these monkeys have been coming out of the woods and playing tricks on us! We want to get them GOOD! C'mon, teach us how to use a sword!
By the way, Link... Were you expecting Colin's dad to bring something by here? 'Cause he did.
Oh, yeah! That's right... What was that, anyway?!
I command you to tell us... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What did Colin's dad bring?
Ooh, yeah! I can't stop thinking about it! Show me!
Hurry up... Hurry up!
Ooh, my! Isn't that a wooden sword, Link?
Whoa... She's right! Hey, can I see it for a sec? Seriously! Lately these monkeys have been coming out of the woods and playing tricks on us! We want to get them GOOD! C'mon, teach us how to use a sword!
What?! Aw, gee, why not?!
Get off your high horse. Just show us.
C'mon, be a pal, Link... Teach us how to use a sword!
YES! All right! First off, we wanna see THAT move! The slice! Um... You just swing
, right?
Where are you going?! You gotta teach me how to use a sword!
...I don't think that's right... I thought that you just swung
to do a slice? Wow! A horizontal slice! Was that it? Was it? I think I've seen you do a vertical slice before, too. You know, by swinging
while Z-targeting. All right, next... Wow! A vertical slice! Was that it? Was it? I think I've seen you do a horizontal slice before, too. You know, by just swinging
. All right, next...
Ooh! Ooh! I wanna see that other move, Link! Yeah, you target with Z and then just tilt
forward and swing
.
...Oh, please. The stab?
Ooh! That was SO great, Link.
...But that wasn't the stab...
What are you mumbling about?! Link did that on purpose! Hey Link! Do it again! Show how you flex your muscles and stab! Y'know, target with Z, then tilt
!
Ooh, Link! Just amazing! Since you're at it, how about you show us that other move... Y'know, that little twirly thing you do! I love that! What do you call it? A spin attack?
You just lightly shake the Nunchuk side to side...
...Pssh! He didn't spin at all! But all you do is lightly shake the Nunchuk from side to side...
Ooh, WOW! Thanks, Link! I'm sorry you have to waste your time with these little brats when you must be tired from doing all the important stuff you do!
Hey, wait! You've gotta show us the jump attack before you go! You know, the one where you go "HYAAH!" and leap through the air!
That thing you do with A while Z-targeting?
What are you doing? That's not it! The one where you JUMP!
Did I not say you use A while Z-targeting?
BETH, TALO, AND MALO WHOA!
Thanks, Link! So, uh, I... I think I get it... Kinda... Hmm... Maybe not... So this means that anytime one of those naughty monkeys shows up... WAH!
C'MERE, YOU!
Everyone went into the woods... I wonder if they're OK... Where'd everyone go off to?
Talo and Malo went chasing like crazy people after that monkey. I can't keep up with those two... Link, you should chase after them on Epona!
...They went that way. The rest is up to you, Link... Human legs...too slow to catch monkeys...
Whoa! An Ordonian! Hey, guy! Listen, I'm not sure you should be wandering around the woods without a lantern. Just because it's daylight doesn't mean it's safe. There are a ton of caves and dank spots around here that get pretty dark even in the middle of the day. Here! Go on, guy. Take this!
See, I sell lantern oil here... I'm trying to drum up sales by giving away free lanterns! It's a business tactic, guy! See, as long as you've got oil to fuel your lantern, you can light your way and set fire to stuff. They're the best! Go on, guy! Try setting a fire under that big pot! Go on! Set a fire under that big pot so you can get a taste of just how amazing lanterns are! On the - Items screen, set the lantern to B and then use B to swing it!
That's right! See! It's on fire, guy! Yeah! You keep using that lantern anytime you feel the need. And if it runs out of oil, you come see me to get it refilled!
Talo still hasn't come back... Didn't you see him, Link? Where could Talo have gone?
Link, did you find Talo? Sounds like the monkeys caught him, not the other way around! Maybe I'll just go home...
...They're late... Still haven't come back from the woods... ...Hungry... Wait a while... If they don't come back... Let's leave them and go home and eat...
You found a play wooden sword! It's Talo's...
GRRRARRR! FWEEEEEEEEEEET! Hey! Punish the evildoers! ...Huh? Hey! The evildoers are all gone? ...Wait, are you...a customer? Oh! Hey! Sorry! So sorry! Please forgive me! Welcome! Hey! Buy something! Anything!
HEEEEELP! Lemme out of here, please! Hey, Link, c'mon! PLEASE! Help me! Set me free!
If you hadn't come, Link... Gee, me and that monkey would've gotten eaten, probably! She's actually a pretty nice gal, that monkey... She tried to protect me, so we got captured together. Um, Link... You're not gonna mention this to my dad, are you? He's always telling me to never, EVER go into the forest, 'cause he says it's dangerous... So you really can't tell him! Really! You have to promise!
Link! My son told me Talo disappeared into the woods and had not returned. I came as soon as I heard... But it looks like you have brought him home already... I apologize. Such a task should not fall to you. Tell me, have you noticed how strange this wood seems lately? I feel... uneasy about what may lie in wait... Anyway, Link... Tomorrow is finally the day. You will be departing for Hyrule. I think it is a good thing I have given this task to you... Good luck! And return safely! If you are lucky, you may even get to meet Princess Zelda! Ah ha ha!
Hey! Link! So, almost time for you to get goin', huh, Link? So how's about we finish up early today, bud? Gotta get them chores done! If y'all wanna get them goats back into the barn, then climb up onto Epona an' holler at me. OK, then! Let's get started!
Hmm? What all's the matter, bud? Y'all lookin' to start over again, Link?
Well then, hurry on up an' get the job done!
Hoo! Now, THAT is dedication! Wantin' to do the job perfect! OK, then. Let's try 'er again!
Hey, Link, what's wrong? Y'all were (time} slower than usual.
Hoo, boy, but y'all can herd! That was
faster than usual! Well, that about wraps 'er up for today, so how's about y'all head on over to the mayor's place? So, Hyrule, huh? What kinda place is it, bud? I ain't never so much as set foot outside Ordon... Hoo... Y'all are makin' me jealous! I'll cover for y'all at the ranch while you're gone! Since you're goin' all the way to Hyrule, y'all better enjoy as much of the trip as you can! OK, then, y'all get outta here. Head on over to the mayor's place, an' make it quick!
Oh, done herdin' for the day, Link? Well, nice work. The royal gift Rusl told you about is ready, so you should get ready for your trip to Hyrule Castle. Now, the royal family requested this gift specifically, so it's real special. It'd be...bad...if the representative of Ordon were to be late for such an occasion, you get me, lad?
The path before you is long, my sweet horse...but please bear Link safely along it. Wait... What's this? What's happened? She's injured, isn't she? Link? How could you! You were pushing Epona too hard again! I bet you hurt her leg jumping fences, didn't you?
Now, now Ilia. There's no need to get so hot with him...
FATHER! How can you be so easy on him? You're the MAYOR! You should start acting like one! You poor thing... It'll be all right, Epona. I'll take you to the forest spring right now. Once we soothe you in the spirit's spring, you'll feel better in no time!
W-Wait! Ilia!!! Why, without Epona... The gift won't get delivered in time! Oh, this won't do... What's a father to do... There's no way you'll be able to deliver our town's gift without Epona...
WHOOOOOOOAAA! A GOAT GOT LOOSE! IT'S HEADIN' FOR TOWN! SOMEBODY STOP IT!
Sorry to always be puttin' you through this, Link. Well... You'd better get goin' and figure out what you're gonna do about Epona. Maybe you can head up to where Ilia is and see if she won't give you the horse back. Link, can't you find a way to get her to give back Epona? ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh, hello there, Link. Are you going to start preparing for your departure? It will seem lonely here while you are gone in Hyrule. You must promise to take care of yourself and try not to do anything beyond your abilities. I am sure it will be a long journey. Good luck.
The time has come! Well, Link... Can I at least interest you in one serious sword lesson once you return from Hyrule? You have talent with a blade. If you were to get proper instruction, I bet you could be a very skilled swordsman. You can let me know once you return, but I want you to give it some serious consideration... For now, put this village out of your thoughts and leave things to me.
Hi, Link. I've heard a rumor about you! So, you're going to Hyrule Castle? Isn't that just incredible... How wonderful for you! But I suppose I should be apologizing to you for the trouble Talo and Malo caused you yesterday... They're a mischievous pair...but they'll always be a pair of angels to their father and me. Thank you so much. Link, you take care. And you come back safe. Link. You take good care of yourself.
Yo, Link. Sorry if my little tykes were causing you trouble yesterday. I gave them a ferocious scolding, so I hope you forgive them. Oh, and hey... You be careful on your trip to Hyrule Castle, Link! Must be nice to have such fine weather on the day of your departure... I'm sure we don't need to worry about you...but you be careful all the same!
Oh... Link. Owww... Sorry about my face... The swelling won't go down... Oh, I heard you're going out on an errand for the mayor, m'boy. Must be nice... Me, I'm restocking again today... Today I REALLY need to find something to bring back to sell at the shop... The wife's in a nasty mood today, so I don't want to disappoint her again. That'd be...bad.
Oh, Link. Back again? M'dear, I hear you're going to the castle. Is that true? Why, how nice... I'm sure the shops in Castle Town are quite ritzy! So, are you shopping again today? You can check out my wares with (analog stick). ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
......Link, are you going to see Ilia? Maybe it's just me...but those guys don't normally let people through... Um, Link, you think... You think we can go to see Ilia together? Link... C'mon, let's go...
Link! Hello again! Ooh! Ooh! You're going to Hyrule Castle, aren't you, Link? That must be sooooo nice... I want to go to Hyrule, too! I mean, there's nothing that looks good on me in this town... Come back soon, Link! When you get back, you have to tell me all about Castle Town!
Hey, we've been waiting for you, y'know, Link. Yesterday was soooo much fun! Yeah, chasing that monkey was great! I was just telling Malo here about how we wanted to show it to him, but we let it go instead!
Oh, YOU didn't get caught, Talo?
Oh! Colin! Way to spoil everything by telling your dad. Nice job.
Yeah, thanks a lot! We got scolded by our dad something awful. I thought it was never gonna end...
I bet you're trying to go see Ilia, aren't you? Well, there's no way I'm gonna let you pass! Oh, hey, neat! Link! Lemme borrow that wooden sword! If I'd had that wooden sword yesterday, I could've handled it all alone, definitely! C'mon! Let me borrow that wooden sword right now!
What?! Why not? It's OK! Just lemme borrow it! Look, we're never gonna let you leave here until you tell us we can borrow it, Link!
If you wanna get past here, Colin, you'd better start talking, fast. Make Link let us borrow that sword.
Sheesh, you ARE my brother, Talo...but that's pretty low...
Come on, be a pal, Link! I'll take real good care of it, so lemme borrow your wooden sword!
What?! Why not? Aw, I thought for sure you were gonna let me borrow it! Colin! Start asking him to lemme borrow it, will ya?
I still don't understand that logic...
I'll be real careful when I use it, so c'mon! Lemme borrow your wooden sword!
Gee, I thought for sure you'd lemme borrow it this time. Well, I guess neither of us is going anywhere.
Whoa! YESSS! With this thing... I'll show 'em!
Link. Thanks... those guys are always teasing me... What's so fun about swinging something like that around, anyway? I hate it... It's scary... But when I grow up, I'm gonna be just like you, Link! I don't want to learn about swords or anything, but could you teach me how to ride a horse sometime? Can you?! You have to promise! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Check out THESE sword moves, Malo! If I'd had this wooden sword yesterday, I could've caught that naughty monkey, don'tcha think?
Wait, weren't you just telling me how you DID catch the monkey? With Link?
Uh, yeah um, anyway... Practice! Time to practice! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I bonked it with this wooden sword and caught it really quick, but I felt kinda bad for it, so I let it go!
But you didn't have a wooden sword then, did you? Mr. Liar?
Time to practice!
Something's fishy about this...
Link!
If you came to take Epona back, you can FORGET it! Why don't you think about what you've done for a change! I won't open the gate until you change your attitude!
Ilia, you don't know what happened yesterday...
Listen, I don't know if she'll listen to me, but let me try to explain about Talo and the monkey, OK? You crawl in here through the tunnel in back while I do, Link. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Give up! I don't care how long you wait there, I'm not letting you take Epona!
You know how to get in here, right? Go around through the tunnel in the woods while you can. Hurry up, Link! I'll talk to her in the meantime...
I had no idea... I hadn't heard the details about Talo's capture... But, Colin...
So you still prefer your master over me, huh, Epona? Don't worry about your horse, Link. Fortunately, it looks like the injury isn't too serious. You two can go on together. But, Link... Can you at least promise me this? No matter what happens on your journey, don't try to do anything...out of your league. Please. Just come home safely.
I found you! Oooh! Aren't you scary! Eeh hee! Are you sure you want to be doing that? Snarling and glaring at me? Well, that's too bad... I was planning on helping you...if you were nice. Eeh hee! That's much better! You humans are obedient to a fault, aren't you? Oops! But you AREN'T a human anymore, are you? You're a beast! Eeh hee! There, there. You be a good boy and calm down. No need to bite! You look kind of surprised! Eeh hee hee! So! I bet you're wondering, where exactly are we?! Well, I'll make you a deal. If you can get over here, maybe I'll tell you! Eeh hee! Come on! What's the matter with you? Get over here, now! If you can't force your way out, why don't you see if there's some kind of hole you can squeeze through? I mean, places like this are always full of holes, right?
Hmph! I guess you're not completely stupid after all! Listen, I like you, so I think I'll get you out of here. But in exchange for my help, you have to do EXACTLY as I say! If you need anything from me, just press (Up on D Pad) to give me a sign! So, are we all clear? Good. Now, come on! Get moving! Huh? What's that? Try pressing Z! You should know how to do this! Oh... Well, well... Eee hee hee! Want to see something interesting? You're a beast! You should know what to do! Use your senses with
and poke around...
Huff... Huff... Can't...run...any...farther... That's...far enough...right? I'll be safe here...I think... What was that noise?! Don't... Don't anything come near me!
I doubt you're used to your new body yet, so I'll just tell you... Think about how you fought enemies in your human form... Just because your shape has changed doesn't mean your instincts have as well!
What are these black things... Where are they coming from... And how do we get out of here?!
What are these black monsters... I've never seen anything like them...
This way! Over here! I'll be waiting for you, but you'll have to help yourself for a change! What are you doing? Do you ever try just looking down?
Please...I am but a lowly soldier. Please...someone save me from these evil creatures... Ahhhh!
Eee hee! Awww, did the detour tire you out, little wolf? By the way... Are you honing your senses with
like you should? It looks like the spirits in here... They're all soldiers. Where in the world could we be? Eee hee! You want out of here, right? OK! We're off!
Ugh... What are you doing? I guess I have to do EVERYTHING for you... I'll guide you to the sure footing, so target me with Z and follow me with A!
So... You know where we are yet? Eee hee! Well...if you go to the top, you might figure it out!
So, we were finally able to get out. And look at the sky! Isn't the black cloud of twilight looking beautiful today? Do you know where this is? You STILL don't know? Eee hee hee! Look, there's someone I want to introduce you to...but I'll need you to go to that tower to do it!
So there are even spirits up here, huh? This whole spirit thing is pretty new to you, isn't it? Even though these guys can see those monsters, they don't know a thing about you! If you think I'm lying, why don't you check it out? Hone your fine senses with
... Eee hee!
What... What are these monstrous birds? What in the world is happening here? Ah, our poor Hyrule Castle!
Look! Just a little farther!
...Midna?!
Eee hee! You remember my name? What an honor for me...
So, this is the one for whom you were searching...
He's not exactly what I had in mind, but...I guess he'll do.
...You were imprisoned? I am sorry.
Poor thing, he has no idea where this is or what's happened... So, don't you think you should explain to him what you've managed to do? You owe him that much... ...Twilight Princess! Eee hee!
Listen carefully... This was once the land where the power of the gods was said to slumber. This was once the kingdom of Hyrule. But that blessed kingdom has been transformed by the king that rules the twilight... It has been turned into a world of shadows, ruled by creatures who shun the light.
It is time for you to choose: surrender or die. Oh yes, a question for all the land and people of Hyrule... Life? Or death?!
Twilight covered Hyrule like a shroud, and without light, the people became as spirits. Within the twilight, they live on, unaware that they have passed into spirit forms... All the people know now is fear... Fear of a nameless evil... The kingdom succumbed to twilight, but I remain its princess... I am Zelda.
You don't have to look so sad! We actually find it to be quite livable! I mean, is perpetual twilight really all that bad?
Midna... This is no time for levity. The shadow beasts have been searching far and wide for you. Why is this?
Why indeed? You tell me! Eee hee hee!
Time has grown short. The guard will soon make his rounds. You must leave here, quickly. Please, you must leave quickly...before the guard comes.
Not that way! The guard's coming! Boy, he's prompt!
Eee hee hee! Well? Do you understand where we are now? I guess a promise is a promise, so I'll let you go back to where you first tumbled into twilight... But...are you really sure you should be going back? Are you sure you aren't forgetting anything important? Eee hee! Do you want to save them? Well, in that case, little Midna would be happy to help you! But... Well, you'd have to be my servant...and like a servant, you'd have to do exactly as I say! Why don't you go back, take a little time, and give it some thought. Eee hee hee!
Oh, that's right. I forgot to mention one thing... Though you may have left the darkened realm, you haven't transformed back to your former self...and you won't anytime soon! Now why could that be? Eee hee hee! See you later!
So, um, what next? Eee hee hee! Did you think I'd disappeared? Listen, there's another thing I forgot to tell you... Don't think you can just run off and save your friends, because you can't. Just beyond that bridge, the land is covered in twilight. Last time, a shadow beast pulled you through the curtain of twilight... But if you want to go that way this time, you'll need the cooperation of someone FROM the twilight...like me! So you really have no choice but to do what I say. Saving your friends and all that... Well, that'll depend on your actions... Because you never can trust words, you know. Right now, I want a sword and shield that'll suit me. You do understand me, don't you? Eee hee hee! So, what do you plan to do? While you're here dawdling, the twilight continues to expand. Come on! Hurry it up! Boy, you sure are thick! The land in that direction is covered in twilight! Only someone FROM the twilight can put you BACK in the twilight! So if you want to back in there, you have to do as I say and go find a sword and shield somewhere. Come on! How many times do I have to tell you? If you want to get back into the twilit Hyrule, you need to bring back both a shield and a sword.
Wait! I don't know what you've come here to do, but if you're going into town, be careful! THEY came and made both the forest and the village a mess... They kidnapped the children from the village... But you're different... You're not a bad thing, are you? I can tell, because you smell like the trees of Ordon... If you run into any trouble, try talking to the animals in town. We animals understand one another, so you'll be fine!
Ohhh... How did it come to this? The children... Please say nothing's happened... Please forgive your good-for-nothing father...
Huh? Fresh face, huh? You're a sharp one to realize that ya needed to come introduce yourself to me! If ya want to know anything about this town, I can tell ya. Whaddaya say?
Psssh... I can see ya tell it like it is... Lone wolf and all that...
Let me tell ya... This is usually a quiet little village, but there was a bit of a ruckus today. If you gotta know, monsters attacked the village and made off with the little brats. ...Ya look a bit like a monster yourself. If ya gonna be hangin' around town, ya may wanna stay outta sight of the people!
Whoa... You stink like the guy from the ranch... You didn't...EAT him, did you?! ...Huh? You're friends?
The town rascals used to play around here a lot, so there's lots of stuff buried nearby. If you dig with
, you might uncover something...
To humans, this must seem like just an average country town, but to us, it's paradise! You should take a good look around this town... You may see stuff sparkling brightly...or you may not, depending on how good your senses are. Were you able to see this town as I do? As a place sparkling with treasure? You take care of those senses!
Ribbit! Ribbit! ...I didn't think anyone would come calling, so I haven't thought of anything to say... Sorry... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh! About that shield...
Hey! Not so loud...
I checked, as we discussed.
M-Monsters! No use! Quick! Hide!
Were you trying to listen to the humans talk? Do you understand human words? That's amazing! I tried to listen with A, too, but I don't understand human words. If you sneak up on them and try listening, I bet you hear something good. If you're too far away, you can't hear, so you have to sneak up close and listen with A. If they're talking about food, you be sure to tell me about it.
H-Hey... Did the monsters leave?
Hoo... Hah... I think they scattered... We gotta hurry before the monsters find us again... You bring the shield that's at your house. I'll go to Rusl's place and get the sword we were to present in Hyrule. Hurry! I'm gonna have to go search for those children in Rusl's stead. He's too injured to move quick...
Gotcha, Mayor. I'll hurry and get the shield. You wait here...
No good! Run!
...So, that shield is still in your house, right?
Uh, yeah, it should be in our storage loft.
Good! Go grab it, quick as you can! Rusl got wounded pretty bad, so he can't go search for the kids. I'll take over for him.
But Rusl had a sword, Mayor! And he STILL got hurt! If you're unarmed, you're done for!
I'll be fine. The sword we were goin' to present to the royal family should still be at Rusl's house.
Oh yeah? All right, I understand, Mayor. I'll hurry up and get that shield. You just wait here...
No good! Run! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
That's not a bad bit of information you heard, huh? Ugh... Look at that open window. This village is full of idiots. So... We should jump up there...but from where?
MON-MONSTER! You've returned for more, haven't you?! My... My daughter... Return her! And TAKE THIS!
Were you attacked by that hawk? You're no match for him... I'm sorry! That person calling the hawk is my master's...husband. You could sneak up from behind and scare him, meow. You smell the same as the ranch hand named Link, so I know you're a nice wolf!
Nighttime walks are so nice, aren't they?! I hope I find something good buried today! I love digging holes and looking for treasure! Look around using your senses and use
to dig in suspicious areas. You're sure to find something!
C'mon, let's get up on the roof from here and scare that guy. Look at him...posing like he's all important... Wait until he sees us! Eee hee hee!
WHOA!
Eee hee! Found it! Found it! It looks...kind of cheap... All right, then... Next is a sword. Hurry up and get one!
You smell the same as the ranch hand named Link, so I know you're a nice wolf! My senses are keen, so I just know these things! You have good sense too, right? Though Link doesn't seem so good at stuff like that...
What was that sound?! The children could not have returned...could they? I must go out and search one last time. You get inside the house. I have placed the sword that was to be our gift to Hyrule on the couch. If the mayor comes for it, please give it to him.
But, darling...your injuries!
Beast! I have found you! Foul BEAST!
All right... So now you have a sword. Looks like you can actually be useful when you concentrate! All right... No more detours. I'm going to take you back into the twilight. Go back to the woods where you first transformed into that shape!
Ah... To be a wolf on a night when the moon rides high... Beautiful! Tell me, is your true form a human who is not currently in the town? ...Nah, Just teasing! You're lucky... Your sharpened senses and your soft-looking coat... Lovely! The earth in this area is so soft and fluffy... I love this spot! Your hair looks soft and fluffy, too... Now I have ANOTHER favorite thing! Ahh... You're lovely... I want you to fix me with those keen eyes and use your senses!
Wait... Come...to my spring... You have...been transformed...by the power...of shadow... Come...to me... Beware...A shadow being...it approaches...
O brave youth... I am one of four light spirits that protect Hyrule at the behest of the gods. I am Ordona. The black beast you slayed was a shadow being. It had come to seize the power of light I wield. My brethren in Hyrule have already had their light stolen by these fell beasts. The entire kingdom has been reduced to a netherworld ruled by the cursed powers of darkness. The blight will not stop with Hyrule. Before long, the entire world of light will fall into the hands of the king who rules the twilight. To save this land from the king of twilight, the lost light must be recovered. The three light spirits who have lost their light must be revived. There is but one who can revive them and redeem this land... You. You still have not discovered your true power... Those transformed by twilight usually cannot recover their original forms... Unless... If you were to return Faron Woods where you were first transformed... If you were to revive the light spirit... There, by the power of the light spirit, you may find the means to regain your other state of being...
Hey... Look... The Faron Woods that you know so well... They're now covered in twilight. You might not be able to come back here, but... Do you still want to go?
It really doesn't matter to me what you do... The only thing that'll happen if you just stand here is the steady spread of twilight... Eee hee! Want me to let you into the twilight?
Wait... This is wrong...
Hmm! So these are the weapons you use in your world? You really think this thing can slay the creatures of twilight? ...Well, I won't use these, but I'll hang on to them for you! All right, a promise is a promise... I trust you enough to help. In exchange for my help, though, I need you to gather some things for me. Look, I can't tell you all the details now, but it'll be easy, trust me... But enough about that. Do you hear that noise? It's the lamentation of the spirit that had its light stolen... Where in the world could it be? Eee hee! Better get going, don't you think? Don't blame me for your world's fate if you don't hurry up and find that light! Come on! Snap to it!
Aww... We're penned in again! Pffft! Who do they think they're dealing with? No need to take these little pests on one at a time, right? You can take them all at once! So... You can handle this by yourself, can't you? Good luck! 'Bye!
What's the holdup? If you leave the last one alive, it's just going to use that shriek to bring the others back. Listen, let me help you out here! Just move like I tell you! You just hold down B and I'll expand an energy field. Enclose all of your enemies within it and release the button!
...Please...be careful... These woods...have changed... The dark clouds of dusk cover this land... This drape of shadows is called...twilight. In this twilight, those who lived in the light...become as mere spirits...it is a place...where the dark ones and evil creatures dwell... ...I...am a spirit...of light... ...Blue-eyed beast. Look...for my light... Retrieve the light stolen by the dark beasts...and keep it...in this vessel. In the shadows of twilight...the dark insects are as...invisible...as normal beings are here... Let me use the last of my power...to reveal the locations of the dark insects...that consumed the light... ...Find...the insects of darkness... The dark insects... They are the form taken by evil...once it has latched on to...our scattered light... Mark...these words... In the shadows of twilight...the dark insects are as...invisible...as normal beings are here... Please...look in the places I have marked on your map and recover the Tears of Light from these...insects of darkness...
Wait! Wait! Don't go too far! You still have stuff to do here in these woods, don't you? Come back! Hm... Looks like we can get in there! Well, well... A spirit in here, too...
Wh...What's with these bugs? Those things aren't normal! They're so big... So weird... So creepy... C'mon, get away, bugs... Shoo... Get out of here... Awww, come on, bugs... I mean, gimme a break, guy... You can't just wander around people's houses like that... You stay away, bugs... Seriously, just back off...
Wha...WHAAT? They just...died? Oh, boy, I have NO idea what's going on around here... Are there more of those bugs...outside? Ohh... Maybe I should just lay low for a while...
Now, see... That's what I was warning you about. I'm telling you, I don't think we're going to get through here too easily. So... What'll we do?
Hey... Think we can get across over here? There! Let's cross over there!
Yeek eek! Help!
Someone... Someone helped me? Boy, lucky for me... Ever since the boss went funny in the head, there've been scary monsters everywhere... Those village kids got led through the woods for some reason... The whole forest is so weird now... What's happened? The boss is threatening his friends... The village kids got kidnapped... I mean, what's going on in these woods now, anyway?
The Vessel of Light is full of tears, and light has returned to this area!
Aww, but it was so nice here in the twilight... What's so great about a world of light, anyway? Eee hee hee! See you later!
My name is Faron. I am one of the spirits of light who dwell in Hyrule. I use the life force of the gods to protect this forest. O brave youth... In the land covered in twilight, where people roam as spirits, you were transformed into a blue-eyed beast... That was a sign... It was a sign that the powers of the chosen one rest within you...and that they are awakening. Look at your awakened form... The green tunic that is your garb once belonged to the ancient hero chosen by the gods... His power is yours. His is the true power that slept within you. Your name is Link. You are the hero chosen by the gods. Brave Link... A dark power rests in the temple deep within these woods. It is a forbidden power. Long, long ago, I and the other spirits of light locked it away. Because of its nature, it is a power that should never be touched by any who dwell in the light. But this world weeps beneath a mantle of shadows, and so there is no choice... You must match the power of the king of shadows. If you would seek this forbidden power, then proceed to the temple in the forest depths.
Well, well... You're the chosen hero and all that, huh? So THAT'S why you turned into that beast! What a shame... I mean, maybe you'd rather just wander as a spirit like the rest of them, totally unaware of what was happening for all eternity...right? Eee hee hee! So... What do you want to do? Do you want to head to that temple? Well, isn't that convenient! I was about to head there myself. Hey, look... You want to help your friends, right? The way I see it, maybe they're in the temple, waiting for you to rescue them... Well, good luck, Mr. Important Hero! Eee hee hee! See you later! Now, then... It's finally time for that weapon I worked so hard to get! You probably already know this, but...swing
to wield your sword and use Z to defend with your shield. I'm so helpful, aren't I? Eee hee hee! Just think of me when you use those, OK?
Hey! Just where do you think you're going? We still have an important errand at the temple deep in the woods.
Hunh?! So... It's the Ordonian! You seemed familiar, but then your clothes seem kinda different, so I got thrown off for a second! Listen... Things have been a little rough around here lately, so you should watch your step, OK, guy? There are so many monsters now... I got kinda scared and closed off the path to the temple. But... You, guy... You wanna get back there, huh? You sure do looked geared up for it... So here you go!
Oh yeah... The woods on the other side of the cave are covered in really thick fog, so make sure your lantern is full! You're definitely going to need to use your lantern a lot in there, so bring all the oil you can!
Hey, what's this monkey's problem? You idiot! While you were staring off into dreamland, your lantern got stolen!
Hey! What are you going to do about that monkey? She's got your lantern! We need to chase her! Hey, aren't you forgetting something? Hey! Hey! HEY! What are you thinking? Don't you DARE ignore me! You're forgetting the lantern!
You got the lantern back! It ran out of oil while you were following the monkey around...
Woo! Hey! Woo! You're super! Now just buy something! Hey! Welcome! Hey! Buy something! Anything!
Hey! What a generous young man! Thank you! Hey! Thank you! Come back sometime! Hey!
HERO'S SHADE A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage. You may be destined to become the hero of legend...but your current power would disgrace the proud green of the hero's tunic you wear. You must use your courage to seek power...and find it you must. Only then will you become the hero for whom this world despairs. If you do find true courage, and you wish to save Hyrule from the horrors it now faces... Then you will be worthy to receive the secrets I hold! Enemies that are filled with energy will quickly recover and attack again even when stunned by a powerful strike. The ending blow is a secret technique you can use on stunned enemies to end their breath before they spring back into action. When an enemy lies collapsed on the ground, stunned, Z-target and press A without delay to leap high into the air and deliver a final strike. When the opportunity to end their breath is before you, you will see Finish A appear vividly before your eyes. Now, try it on me! What ails you?! The most basic aspect of swordplay is Z-targeting! Do not tell me you have forgotten that! To stun an enemy and knock him down, you must strike repeatedly with powerful attacks. Powerful moves like the jump attack and spin attack, or rapid and repeated sword strikes are most effective. What is the matter? Did not the Finish A image appear before your eyes? Coward... The moment the enemy is felled, you must lock on and strike with A! Try it again!
Hmm. That was a pinpoint strike. Never overlook your opportunity to finish with A! The first hidden skill, the ending blow, has been passed on!
You learned the first hidden skill, the ending blow! When a foe falls, lock on with Z and deliver a final blow with A! HERO'S SHADE There are still six hidden skills for you to learn. Those are only for one who carries the blood of the hero...the one whose spirit is that of the sublime beast. Grow powerful. Test your courage. And when you find that you need another skill to overcome the threats that face you... Search for the statues that howl with the sound of the wind. Seek the sound that calls to the spirit of the beast to awaken me again. A sword wields no strength unless the hand that holds it has courage. Remember those words... Farewell!
Hey! That's the monkey that stole your lantern! Doesn't it look like she's beckoning you? Aren't you the popular one? Eee hee! Hmm... What are you doing, turning the lights on? You might as well light them all and make this place really bright!
Oh! What's going on?! Has there been a monkey fight?! Oh no! Now we can't go any farther. We might as well go back. I don't know what's going on, but it seems like she wants to take you somewhere, so maybe you should just follow her.
Phew! Out at last! Gracious... Once I got in there, I couldn't squeeze back out! You were a big help... Thanks! I've been looking for something in here, you see. Gracious, yes! You must need something here, too. Shall we try working together for a while, fellow adventurer? You may not think I look like much, but I can be quite helpful! I can even warp you out of here if you want to leave! So don't think of me as a burden! Now let's get started! Ooh! Did you want to leave? I can warp you right out! You can return right here, so there are no worries!
Oh, goodness... Aren't you a trooper! Well, don't push it too hard. If you need a breath of fresh, outside air, just give me a holler!
Yes, yes! Now... Leave it to me! Let me introduce you! This is Ooccoo Jr.! Anytime you want to warp back to this spot from outside, ask him. If you want to meet me at the entrance rather than warping here, just go there and I'll meet you! Now, bon voyage, you two! OOCCOO JR. Wanna go back to my mama? (Not yet.} OK! I wanna stay here too!
You got it! Mama, here we come!
Well, well! Welcome back! Without further ado, we're off!
I am the Fairy of Winds who resides in this boomerang. You have freed me from evil, and I now have my true power back. Please... Take it with you, use it to aid your quest, and may both my power and my blessing go with you. If you focus power in your boomerang before releasing it, it will unleash the power of wind, aiding you in unforeseen ways.
I bet even the monkeys should be satisfied now. OK, let's continue combing this place. We already found something good, so let's keep searching places we haven't looked yet.
Well, I guess there are still some monkeys you haven't freed yet! At this point, you should just save them all and see what you can get for it!
Well, if it isn't something useful. As long as you have that, you should be able to find where the captured monkeys are, right? I guess in order for us to check the temple out completely, we need the help of the monkeys. Ah well... Let's help the rest of them!
Eee hee hee! Well done! That's...what I was looking for. That's a Fused Shadow. It's what the light spirit called dark power... Do you remember what that spirit said? About how you had to match the power of the king of shadows? Could it really be so easy? Is this all there is to it? Eee hee hee! There's a total of three Fused Shadows. I think the other light spirits have the rest... If you want to know exactly what Fused Shadows are... Well, maybe I'll tell you if you find the other two. I guess you'd better do your best to find them, huh? Eee hee hee! So let's not waste any more time here when we could be looking for the other two... I'll get you out of here... You pick up the Heart Container that fell out of that thing. Want to go outside? Are you all done here?
Heroic Link... Do not think that Hyrule is now saved from the spread of twilight... Leave these woods and go to the west, where you will find the land protected by the spirit Eldin. There you will find those you seek... But know that these lands lie in twilight... They are now a dark realm covered by the clouds of dusk. If you set foot beyond the curtains of twilight, you will revert to your beast form, so be prepared. Hero chosen by the gods, leave these woods and go west, to the land of the spirit Eldin.
That's better. Searching should be much easier now. Eee hee! But... Of course, you feel the need to go help the other light spirits, don't you? Well, don't worry. When you turn into a beast again, I'll take good care of you. The first thing you need to do is find the land covered in twilight. Once you do, I'll help you out. Eee hee hee! See you later!
HEEEEEEY! Go no further! There is a black wall ahead that blocks the way! I thought I would deliver a few letters, but it seems impossible... I am the honorable and dependable letter carrier, known to some as...the postman. Now that I have introduced myself, please! Take this letter and read it at your leisure! To read a letter, press + to open your Collection screen and select the letter. You can do that to read any letters you receive. Do it whenever you see fit! Well, my business is concluded! Onward to mail!
Hey, it was much closer than I thought... You remember, right? You know what this is? If you set foot in there, you might be a wolf again for quite some time... For at least as long as it takes you to save the light of Eldin from the twilight, anyway... So, shall we try to go see the light spirit Eldin? Eee hee! Want me to let you into the twilight?
That's a good boy! Now, you need to listen to what I say from now on! Ahh, look! How lovely! The black clouds of twilight are so fetching today... I feel so much more at ease here... And you look so much better like this than in those dusty old clothes, anyway. Eee hee! So, let's get going!
That won't work! Give it up! Did you hear me? You can't return to the world of light that easily!
See, isn't being a wolf more convenient? Now, use (D Pad) to hone your senses! You've begun to reawaken as a wolf, I think. Eee hee! What's this?! That's strange... The bridge is gone... I wonder if this is the work of those shadow creatures... Ugh... What a pain! Ah well, let's look for it... You! Get your map out! The yellow arrow marks where we are. You knew that, right? Whenever you destroy those creatures from the darkness, a portal opens that looks like this on the map. You hear me? It's called a portal. You'd better remember that! And...in those woods we came through... Yes! It's got to be around there... I'll use my power to take you to the location of the open portal... Pick where you want to go. What are you doing? Pick which one you want!
See! I told you. We're here! You know, most people can't leave the twilight that easily. You'd better be grateful! It's your job to look for the bridge! Look hard!
Hahhhh... It's rough, having to watch a shop in this unpopular part of town... Even though I watch after this shop every day, he never shows any appreciation... I think my master probably didn't get much praise growing up...
Wow! It's perfect, don't you think? What do you think? Should we take it?
Good little obedient wolf!
Hey... Have you looked around at all? That thing doesn't look like it belongs here, does it? The more I look at it, the more perfect it becomes! Maybe you just don't understand...
How many times do I have to say it?! It's perfect for the bridge! OK?! (Warp} You should've listened to me from the beginning!
No! This isn't the right place! Get serious! Do it over!
See! Just as I thought... Eee hee! So, isn't the power of twilight amazing? Call me if you need the power again. It should help you find what we're looking for, don't you think? All right! Let's keep going!
Huh... What are they doing there? This is a pretty elaborate gate... What are they trying to keep in? ...Or out? I bet it'll be worth our while to dig in...
To the hero...who was transformed into a blue-eyed beast...in the realm of shadows... In twilight... ...This way... ...I am...a spirit...of light... Hero...chosen by the gods... Look for...my light... Gather the light stolen by the shadows...into this... ...The insects of darkness... They are the form taken...by the evil that attached itself...to my scattered light... In this shadowy twilight...the shadow insects are invisible, much as the people from your light world are... With the last of my power...let me mark your map...with the locations...of the tears that have turned into...shadow insects... But...be careful... The darkness...now hunts you...
Hey, you can climb up here!
Cripes! I don't see those black brutes anywhere... They've gotta be hidin' somewhere, waitin' for their helpless little prey to come out! Then they'll FEAST!
We are safe as long as we remain in here, child. Be at ease.
Oh yeah? I wonder if the monsters out there agree with you... They sure didn't seem impressed by my bombs! How long do you think we can hold this sanctuary against beasts that strong, huh? Once they attack, it's OVER! Remember that lady from the general store? Just one of those things attacked her, and a whole gang from town went to save her! And what happened? She was already gone, and there were TWO monsters waitin'! ...You connectin' the dots? That means that if we get attacked by them, then we'll be...
BARNES!
Look, Renado... All I mean to say is that it's risky here, too! Ain't you got some place we can hide?
There is...a cellar.
WHAAT? You've got a CELLAR?! Where's the entrance, man?
The entrance to the cellar is designed to open when all of the candles have been lit...
...I...would not do that. When Father instructed me to secure the cellar, I saw insects like the beasts outside...
Don't cry, Beth! It'll be OK! Link is coming to save us all! ...I can feel it!
These kids knew you'd come to save them! What a hero! How sad, to be right in front of someone and not be noticed at all... Eee hee hee! You are chosen by the gods, and only that keeps you from turning into a spirit, or worse, into a dark monster, when you enter twilight. And no one knows what you have done... You may be doomed to toil in obscurity forever... You're the type to worry about everything, I can tell...but don't fret over Princess Zelda! She chose this state of affairs, after all... Anyway, what's with having to light candles to get to the basement?! Not very subtle, is it... So, what are you going to do now? My lonely little hero... Eee hee!
Cripes! Seems like everyone's tryin' to pull a fast one these days. Boy, I don't have a clue who this Link fella is...but I've gotta say, I ain't overly confident he's gonna come save this village!
As things are now, it is likely safest for us to remain here...
What sorcery is this?! The entrance to the cellar opening on its own... Could these beasts have engineered even this?
...How about that? Looks like you can climb the scaffolding...
If you're done with your errand, then let's get out of here.
Huh?! What did you do?! Sorry, but as romantic as this is, I'm not going to stay here with you. I'm getting out! HEY! If you don't hurry up and get out... Ooh, I can't even say it! Hmm... I don't suppose there's any nicer way to hunt these things, huh? Well, you had to sacrifice someone's house to find Tears of Light...but that's how the cookie crumbles, right?
Looks like the path's impassable...but I can get you up it if you want to go.
Ugh... Why do I have to stand guard... The ladder is destroyed, so it is not like any humans will come up... And what is with the elders? If we have a problem the humans can help with, we should ask. It is better than suffering for the sake of pride. Repelling humans by force... What a depressing job... Must keep humans out... GORON #1 Why do I have to stand guard at a dead end at the bottom of a cliff like this... ...Wait a second! Have they tucked me out of the way because they think I am useless? Grrr! I do not like being made an outcast on the fringes like this... If I see anyone suspicious, I am going to show my strength. Yes, I will send the trespasser flying! GORON #2 Psssh! Hot! Another fumarole... And once again, it is in the worst possible place! I suppose this path is impassable now... If I were to go down that way...I would get knocked back in an instant, I am sure of it! If my legs were as strong as the elders' legs, I might be able to stomp my way down there...
Aw, I was just starting to have fun! Don't forget that Fused Shadow! Eee hee hee! See you later!
My name is Eldin. I am one of the light spirits of Hyrule. I am the spirit that guards these lands. O great hero chosen by the gods... The dark power you seek lies in the sacred grounds of the proud mountain dwellers. But already those grounds have been defiled, draped in shadow and seeded with evil. You must go to those sacred grounds and cleanse them.
Link?!
Ha ha ha! See, Beth?! I TOLD you Link would save us!
...You are the one from Ordon whom these children spoke of? We are well met. I am Renado, shaman of this town. And this... This is my daughter, Luda.
The beasts took us and left us to die...but Mr. Renado found us.
At first, I couldn't believe they had come from so distant a place as the Ordona Province...
Yeah, I... We don't remember much. All of a sudden everyone was captured, and then...until now...it's been like...
...A nightmare.
Yeah! It was like a terrible dream and we couldn't wake up...
Mmm... Nightmares are everywhere these days, it seems. This village has certainly seen its share of recent hardships... The dark beasts attacked, but even worse was the sudden and inexplicable change in the mountain-dwelling Goron tribe. They had long been our friends, but suddenly treated us as foes. Even now they refuse to permit us entry into their mines. It strains the limits of belief... To think that such a gentle and proud tribe could change so suddenly... It makes me wonder if something in those mines is the cause of this change... In any case, you must take these children and flee this village before more nightmares descend. I, of course, cannot leave my village in such a time. There is no telling what may happen to us here... ...But it is my job to try to coax the Gorons back from their recent change of heart. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I don't wanna leave all these people just to save ourselves!
Come on, Link! Can't you do something?
Isn't there...some way to make up with the Gorons?
You'd think someone could go to the mines and do something...
Link. Trying to go near the mines is very dangerous. I will be very sad to be separated from Colin and the others...but I know they must go. Please return them safely to their parents.
I do not know what is in the Goron mines, but surely they will soon come to understand it, and right what is wrong. Do not concern yourself with me, my son. You must flee this place as quickly as you can.
Ah! No humans allowed! These lands ahead belong to the Goron tribe! The elder said no humans may pass!
A weak spirit is no match for the might of the Gorons! Do you understand me, human? Then away with you! Ho! You are back again, human? You will never pass! You cannot hope to match our brute force! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ah, how fortunate you are in one piece! I saw you heading up the mountain trail, so I was worried. Are you trying to reach the Gorons of Death Mountain? It is far too dangerous, Link! They recognize only strength! A normal person could never persuade them... But...I do know one person who was able to best them and earn their trust... His name is Bo. You may know him as the mayor of your hometown, Ordon. Please, go to him. And while you are there, please let him know that the children are safe. Of course, getting them back would be best...but we could not keep them safe from the monsters on the road without a horse and cart... Please... Return to Ordon and inform the parents that their children are free from harm. Give them my word. I think it is best for you to return to Ordon and let everyone know that the children are safe. And as for the Gorons...I am sure Bo will be able to tell you how best to win their trust!
Huh? Aren't you going to grab it? Riding that horse would be much faster than hoofing it, so let's try and grab it!
Hmm... You're not too shabby a wrangler after all! Won't this make getting back to your town a lot easier? Now go finish your errand so we can get back! Get a move on!
Cripes... My storehouse... My powder... What happened?! Them... Them foul beasts... Curse 'em all!
MR. Link! WAAAAAAIT! Greetings, Mr. Link! I have come to deliver a letter. It is a letter from Ooccoo. Well, my business is concluded! Onward to mail!
What's that?! The children?! Oh... Oh! So, they're in Kakariko Village! Oh, thank goodness they're all still alive! I was worried sick... Phew... Finally, I can get back to work in peace... Link, need something? You should take a look around and see if there's anything you want! Of course I want them to come home as soon as possible, but for now, it's probably safer for the folk in Kakariko to look after them... But tell me this, Link... If you're going out there again, then how are your travel preparations coming along? If there's something you're looking for, m'dear, you can use
to see if we have it.
Link... The... The children are ALIVE?! Wh-What? They're alive! This is fantastic! Truly fantastic! Oh, thank you for letting me know, Link! Have you told all of the others yet? If you haven't, you must spread the word. Put their worst fears to rest!
Yo, Link! What's the latest? Have you gotten any clues about where our tykes might be? Huh? They're in Kakariko?! Boy, that's a fine fix! We're gonna have to tell the mayor about that right away! Well, what the heck are you doing, Link? Go tell the mayor!
The-The children! They're alive?! Oh... Oh, thank heavens! I'd almost given up hope for them... Thank you so much for coming to tell me, Link! Thank goodness the children are still alive... You must tell all of the others!
Oh! Colin... Colin is...alive?! Oh! The children are all safe! Oh, how wonderful! I am so glad I kept the faith... My thanks to you, Link. From the bottom of my heart. Have you told everyone else yet? You must tell them all! I am so happy that everyone is safe... And you... You have really grown to become an impressive swordsman over time... I wish I could tell my husband, as well... The moment his wounds healed, he left to find those young ones. Hopefully he will stop by Kakariko Village... I do not know his whereabouts, so it may not reach him... I will try to send him a letter with this fine news. Oh, I must write one to Colin, too! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Link?! Whoa, it IS you, Link! You're safe and sound! Your clothes... What happened to you, lad? C-Come quick! Inside! I see... So the young'uns are in Kakariko Village! Well, that's good... Renado is an old friend. If they're in his care, then we can relax. So... Don't keep me waitin', lad! Tell me of my little girl! Ilia is with the rest of 'em, right? ...Oh! I see... That ain't what I wanted to hear... Ahh... But Link... I guess I need to think of all five of those poor kids, not just my own... They're all in danger. What I should be askin' is how I can help out... What's that, now? The Gorons of Death Mountain? I see... So Renado told you that... Well, it's true...I did defeat the Gorons in a contest of strength and earned their trust. ...With the help of a little secret. I CAN teach you the secret...but can you promise that you absolutely, positively will NOT disclose it to anyone?
I see... Well, you understand I can't teach the secret to a fella who won't protect it. It's a cryin' shame... Eh? You rethink your answer to my question, lad? If you give me your word that you ain't gonna divulge it, I'll teach you the secret to defeatin' the Gorons... Like, say, Renado, for example. You wouldn't tell him, would you? ...Can you gimme your word?
Good. All righty, then. Absolutely no one! Come this way. Link, you've heard of sumo wrestlin', right? Gorons like to match strength in sumo contests. Luckily for you, the basics of sumo are the same as stoppin' chargin' goats... You wanna hear more?
All righty, then, I'll teach you the basics of the ways of sumo. If you're gettin' in a sumo match, chances are you're in an arena like this. The first fella to push his foe outside the arena wins. Step forward and grab your foe with A. Strike a fleein' foe with
and sidestep an attackin' foe with
. Three techniques, all of 'em pretty basic. Master all three and you'll be shovin' folks out of the arena in no time, lad! ...So, there you go: the basics of sumo. Need to hear them again?
Hmm... Well, the basics are important, lad, so I'll explain 'em to you as many times as it takes, all righty?
Rather than explain a lot, why don't we just get to it? Come into the ring, lad.
What's the matter, Link? Did you think I was gonna take it easy on you? If you can't prevail in a match like this, then you'd have NO chance against a Goron! For example, if you're about to be grabbed, sidestep with
. All righty. If you understand... Come at me again!
For example... If you're grabbed, try to break loose with A! Push your foe away to escape your predicament. All right. If you understand... Come at me again!
If you're lookin' to know the secrets to defeatin' the Gorons, then first you've gotta have the basics of sumo pounded into you. I'm happy to be the one to do it, lad. Come on back anytime! You wanna spar some more, Link? Listen, you wanna beat the Gorons? Then defeat me in sumo! ...Then we'll talk, lad.
I see...but I want to do everythin' I can to help you rescue the kids in Kakariko... So anytime you want to practice with me, lemme know.
All right, then! First, we change! Then, we sumo!
Hmph! You seem to understand the basics. All righty, next time I won't go easy on you, lad. Fight me as if you were fightin' one of the Gorons!
What was that, eh? You've gotta put your back into it, lad! I shared the spirit of the sumo with you, lad, and you've gotta remember it! For example... Use
to strike a foe who tries to sidestep.
For example, if your strike is effective, follow it up by grabbin' with A!
Whoa ho! Not too shabby, lad! With your natural talent, I'm sure you can take on the Gorons... You've got a sight stronger in the short time you've been gone, Link... Strong as you are, though, you can't hope to beat the Gorons wrestlin' with power alone. Those Gorons are made of rock! Naw, the secret to beatin' the Gorons...is locked away in that chest. Take it with you, lad. Go on, lad. Open the chest.
Hey, hang on! Wait! You've gotta defeat the Gorons, right? Well, you're not going to do it without this little secret of mine!
You can probably tell, those boots are made of iron, lad. Whoever wears 'em won't easily be pushed around...even by a Goron. If you're fixin' to fight a Goron, be sure to wear those boots. ...Let's be square, though, lad: You can't ever tell ANYONE about those boots! 'Specially Renado! What's the matter? You've gotta hurry to Death Mountain and help the people of Kakariko! ...But you absolutely CAN'T tell anyone about the boots! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Link! N-No foolin'?! The tots are safe?! An' on top of that, they're all in Kakariko Village?! Aw, shucks, you don't need to worry 'bout that now. You're incredible, bud! I can already see everybody's smilin' faces! Well, hey there, Link! Brought Epona, huh? Well, how's about it? Wanna round them goats up for the first time in a dog's age? I bet those scamps are sure happy to see you!
Aw... Well, I guess it can't be helped, what with you havin' a lot on your plate these days. I'll find a way to manage things here at the ranch without y'all. You do what you gotta do what you gotta do to take care of the village! You leave those scamps to me. I'll manage without y'all somehow! Besides, Link, c'mon... Can't you find a way to get Ilia and the tots back here just a hair quicker? (Sure thing!) Great! Then I'll leave it to you two today! What's wrong, Link? You callin' it quits?
It ain't like you to quit in the middle of a job... But I reckon it can't be helped, what with all that's on our plate these days... I'll find a way to manage the rest on my own. Y'all go on and don't worry about me none!
Well, in that case, hurry up and herd them goats into the barn.
What's the story, Link? It ain't like you to take
. But still, thanks to you, I did wrap things up early. Much obliged!
Hoo, way to ride, Link! You wrapped that up in just
! Thanks to you, I wrapped things up a mite earlier today! Hey, as promised, here's a little healthy gift for y'all. Good luck out there, bud! It's a good thing I was able to wrap early today thanks to you helpin' me out, bud. Thanks a ton, Link.
We can just let the goats eat a messy-looking letter like this.
...Help him...
What... What should we do? Colin... Oh, Colin...
Ah... Oh, no...
...............
Link! Hurry! They fled north toward the field!
Link... Is everyone...OK? ...Good. Beth... I'm sorry. You know...for shoving you. Are you mad? I... I think I finally understand. I understand what my dad meant when he told me I needed to be stronger, like you, Link... He wasn't talking about strength, like lifting stuff. He was talking about being brave... Link... You saved me, didn't you? You... You can do anything. You can do something to help the Gorons in the mine too, can't you, Link?
I can't believe Colin... I mean, that was a really brave thing for him to do, huh? Especially since he's such a weakling! Um... He IS gonna be all right, right? And Malo! He hasn't even come by to say "Get well soon!" What's he thinking? He said he was gonna "get started," and he hasn't come out of that closed-up shop since! Link, could you talk some sense into that kid? That crazy little Malo... He went to the shop, and now he's up to something in there! He said he needed to "get started," but what's he need in a closed-up shop, anyhow?
Hey... You can look at stuff, but don't you DARE just take things... That's MY valuable merchandise. You want it, you pay for it... I decided to take on this unmanned shop... Buy something... It helps the whole village if you... Maybe I can't become a hero...but I figure I can help people out with heroic business deals. You'd better work hard, too...
Do not worry. He merely sleeps. So long as he continues to rest, he shall eventually open his eyes. And these two are doing a fine job of nursing him back to health... You two! Be calm in here! I shall watch over the children of Ordon, I swear it. They shall never encounter danger while I breathe. I will take full responsibility for them until they are returned safely to their village. You need not worry for them.
Just leave Colin to me! You'll see, Link! Promise! I'll make him all better while you're up on the Gorons' mountain!
Are you going to see Gorons, Link? I am sorry you have to do this task for us. I will be here with Colin, so please, do not worry about him. Leave his care to me! I just hope you can do something about the Gorons... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey now! It's you. Yeah, so I've been thinkin' 'bout gettin' things sorted out so I can go ahead and reopen my shop... ...Thing is, I can't get the materials I need from the Gorons anymore... Man, I ain't got a CLUE what to do! Cripes, those danged Gorons... They're sure takin' their sweet time gettin' me my materials!
Whoa... This looks dangerous... Is this the traditional Death Mountain welcome? Eee hee!
There have been few sumo matches lately... Talk about boring, Brother. I suppose it is because young Gorons these days have no interest in old arts like sumo. And former powerhouse Gor Coron is an elder... There is not much we can do, Brother. Without sumo matches, the hot spring is the only thing we have to look forward to, Brother.
Sitting in a hot spring warms up your body and soul...and gradually fills you up with energy, Brother. Even Gorons need to cleanse their spirits once in awhile...
Sitting in an open-air bath at night is the best, Brother! I could spend countless hours here looking at the stars! Ahhhhhhhhh!
Ahhhh... Nice and hot. Just like I like it... What? What is a human doing here? I thought the elders told us not to let humans near the mountain, but... I suppose it is no business of mine. Come into the hot spring and refresh yourself, Brother! I heard there is also a hot spring down at the base of the mountain, in Kakariko Village. When the day comes that we can travel freely between the mountain and the village, I would love to try it out for myself!
ENOUGH! Is this young one such an imposing enemy that you must all gang up on him? I think not, Little Brothers. I am a Goron elder, little human. I am called Gor Coron. Because of certain...circumstances, I must lead the Goron tribe in place of Darbus, our tribal patriarch. Tell me, little human, do you come from the village below? You have done well to come this far. You are strong...for a human. However... The mines beyond here are sacred to my tribe. Outsiders are not allowed. Unless... I could make an exception...but you would have to beat me in a contest of power. Are you willing to try, little human?
Attention, Little Brothers. The human with the pointed hat is going home. Be polite and see him on his way. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ GORON COUNCIL #1 The fact that the guards could not stop one puny human from getting in here is a humiliation for all Gorons. GORON COUNCIL #2 If you do not leave, I will take the elder's place and give you a thumping you will not forget. GORON COUNCIL #3 The elder, Gor Coron, was the tribe's patriarch before Darbus, Brother. He may be old, but if you do not treat him with respect, you will pay dearly for it. GORON COUNCIL #4 Urrgh... There is no way a puny creature like you could be a match for us! GORON COUNCIL #5 This is no place for humans! Away with you! GORON COUNCIL #6 Unless you cheat or use some dirty tricks, you have no chance. And if you do cheat...you will pay dearly. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I must always remember that this path connects to a very important place. No human outsider must pass! GORON GUARD #1 You cannot go any farther unless the elder gives you permission. GORON GUARD #2 No entry without the elder's permission, human. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
You again, little human? What are you doing back here?
Bah... Do not waste my time, little human. Leave immediately.
You have asked for it, little human. And now you will get it.
Your body is skinny, Brother, and so you are too light. You do not stand a chance. Try again later, Brother... Eh? What is it? Do you want to try again, little human?
All right, Little Brothers, see the human off, please.
You think you are tough, do you? Let us find out.
Oh ho ho... Just being powerful is nothing special, Brother. Try again later, Brother...
Young warrior... You have a strong will...and sharp eyes. Fine traits... Want to see how well you can use them? You have seen it, I would bet... The mountain, erupting without pause... When the mountain began to rage, all four of us elders and Darbus, our patriarch, went inside to investigate its anger. We have a treasure that was entrusted to us by the spirits, and we must protect it. Do you understand? But the moment Darbus reached out and touched the treasure...everything went wrong. He collapsed...and before our very eyes transformed into an unspeakable monster! He began to rage through the mines, trailing ruin behind him...and the eruptions grew more frequent and more severe. We used all of our strength to seal him deep inside the mountain... It...grieved us to do this to our patriarch...but we had no other course of action. I ask this favor of you, young warrior... Go to the aid of Darbus! Make no mistake, the spirits have guided you here. I, Gor Coron, need your help... On behalf of my entire clan, I ask of your aid! ...You two! Let the young warrior pass! The mines are full of traps, all placed to protect the treasure from thieves. And worse than traps... Since the eruptions began, foul creatures of all shapes have settled into every corner of the mines. Getting to the patriarch's location will not be easy. I would prepare your blade, young warrior. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ GORON COUNCIL #1 The fact that you got by so many Gorons to get here was shocking...but to beat the elder... I am in utter disbelief. Neither humans nor Gorons should make judgments based on appearance, I suppose... GORON COUNCIL #2 I am glad we heeded the elder's words and did not attack you, Brother. It might have been we who were sent flying... GORON COUNCIL #3 You defeated the elder, so it is possible you may be able to save our patriarch, Brother... Please, Brother! Help the Goron tribe...and all of Death Mountain! GORON COUNCIL #4 Who would have imagined the elder losing... I know! The elder let you win! There is no other way a tiny thing like you could have won! GORON COUNCIL #5 These mines are sacred ground that even we rarely enter, Brother. But we do not have the strength to save the patriarch... We have no choice, Brother... GORON COUNCIL #6 You... Did you really win? Without cheating? If I find out that you cheated, human, you will pay.
Hey! Wait up, Brother! If you are headed down, I recommend using this elevator! This elevator leads straight to the hot spring, Brother! Just use your weight to activate the switch! GORON GUARD #1 The elder has given his permission, so you are welcome to enter, Brother. GORON GUARD #2 Since you are going inside, please rescue our patriarch, Brother!
Ah... I thought I felt a presence...but what a surprise to find a young human... Word has come to me of you...and if Gor Coron has faith in you, then your heart must be true. ...I am one of the four Goron elders. Gor Amoto is my name. You are heroic, young human. Please, you must lend this tribe your power. That is one of the key shards that, when merged together, form the key to the room where Darbus is being held. He is our patriarch. The key is split into three pieces. Each of us elders keeps a piece. You must hurry to the other elders! The other two elders are at altars in the mine. They are praying... Collect all three key shards and save our tribe's patriarch! He suffers under the power of evil...
Phew! Free at last! Gracious... You're that nice fellow who helped me out the other day! How nice to see you again! Well, now that we've found each other again, let's stick together for a bit, hmm? I'll be right with you, so if you want to warp out, just let me know!
Oh... Ah... The young human. I am pleased to see you make it this far, Brudda... I am one of the four elders of the Goron tribe. I am called Gor Ebizo. You have heard of the plight of our patriarch. Otherwise you would not have come to see me. Here, take this, Brudda... Now... There is one more shard, but seeing you has reminded me of the dangers that line the path to it... There is something that may help you... A weapon said to have been left in this mine by a hero of old. It is beyond price, and so we have protected it through generations... Now, when our tribe balances on the brink of ruin, it could aid in our salvation. The Hero's weapon is stored safely up ahead... Talk to the guard and take it with you, with the blessing of the Gorons. There are limits to what we elders can do to contain Darbus now that he has been overcome by evil... You must aid us, Brudda. Please, take the Hero's weapon and head deeper as quick as possible.
Whoa... Human?! What business does a human have coming here?! None! No business! This is a forbidden place! I will protect this treasure from you! Ugh... That...hurt a lot. Who knew that humans were capable of such feats of strength... ...Uh... Maybe...you are...going to see the patriarch of our tribe? ...Ah! So THAT is why you are here! In that case, take the weapon of the Hero of the past... But in exchange, you must save the patriarch of our tribe! With skills like yours, even the patriarch can be brought back to his senses... Take the Hero's weapon and save our patriarch!
Ah! You are here at last! I heard that you might pay a visit, young human. I am farsighted in all things. Here you go...the last key shard! Combine all three shards! If you use that key, you can open the room where Darbus, the tribal patriarch, is being held. Who knows how powerful Darbus is in his new grotesque form... But I suppose I should trust your power, considering you came this far... Hurry, now! To the patriarch's room! The Hero's weapon you claimed... That weapon is said to have defeated the most powerful evils this world has ever known. It might even work to calm Darbus... You are probably not used to it, so before going any further, you should work with it a little.
Your shield burned up...
Eee hee hee! Well done! Now we have two Fused Shadows... Hmm... You know, you've been very helpful so far, so as a reward, I'll tell you an interesting story. Zant. That's the name of the King of Darkness who cast this pall of shadows over your world. He's very strong. You would be nothing to him in your current state... But Zant will never be my king! I have nothing but scorn for his supposed strength. Not that your Zelda is much better... It still appalls me that this world of light is controlled by that princess. A carefree youth, a life of luxury... How does that teach duty? ...But I guess I shouldn't begrudge her the circumstances of her life. She didn't choose it, after all. And I would never wish harm on her... No, as long as I can get my hands on the Fused Shadows, I'll be just fine. Well, just one more left... Shall we? Eee hee hee!
Uhhgh... Urrgh... ...Hmm? What am I doing here? Unngh... My head, it aches... Urrrgh... So much pain... I cannot remember anything...
Want to go outside? Are you all done here?
Heroic Link... North of here, across the plain and past the great stone bridge, in the lands guarded by the spirit Lanayru... You shall find one who you seek...
Link... Ilia... You've got to save Ilia! Those monsters left me with the other kids, but they must have taken her somewhere else! Whenever I thought I couldn't go on, I would think of you and Ilia and hold on, Link... See? I...I'm fine now. Remember what I told you back in Ordon, Link? When I grow up, I'm going to be just like you, Link! So you don't have to worry about me anymore! Go help Ilia!
Leave the children to me. I will watch over them, I swear it. Do not let their fates trouble you. Go to those who need you. In Hyrule, countless tales are told of the ancient hero...and your deeds bring them all to mind. May the graces of the great goddesses who shaped Hyrule bear you on your way.
Ah, we're finally here. There's only one Fused Shadow left... ...So this is the last of the twilight you'll see, I guess. Whether or not you accomplish your final task and survive is up to you... Eee hee! So what will you do? Want me to let you into the twilight?
Wait... This is wrong.
All right then, I guess I'll have to help you! But what a shame that this is the last of the twilight... I had become so fond of seeing it covering this world... Or... is it really the last you'll see? Eee hee! So, shall we get going?
But, Link... Can you at least promise me this? Just come home safely.
Forget the Youth's Scent and learn a new smell?
You smell the girl, don't you? I can tell by the look on your face. Well, good. It's another clue, then. But this scent could be quite old... I wonder if she is still all right? Eee hee!
Hey, haven't we seen this castle before? Eee hee hee! So, we finally made it back here! Well, only a little farther, so hang in there! Or so I'd like to say, but... The going's a lot harder from here on out... Eee hee hee! All right, then... Let's get started.
HYLIAN WOMAN #1 Hey, so did you hear? They say that a Zora child collapsed near here! HYLIAN WOMAN #2 I thought Zoras were typically found up north, right? I wonder why one came down here. HYLIAN WOMAN #1 Well... I heard that he was taken to the bar on the other side of the southern road. HYLIAN WOMAN #2 The bar? You mean Telma's place? Hmm... She's got it rough... HYLIAN WOMAN #1 The Zora child... I heard he was taken to the bar on the other side of the southern road... HYLIAN WOMAN #2 Hmm... Telma's always got her hands full... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Heh heh heh... Soon I shall make a killing off this town... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
There seems to be something going on at the fountain...
Phew... I'm gonna go put my feet up at Telma's bar when I'm done with work.
Aww... How long do I have until this shift is over...
...... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The water level of Lake Hylia has gone down, and you can't cross to the spirit's cave.
If the people who came to worship from far away heard that, they'd be very disappointed...
It must be hard on Grandma, too, because she can't do her tours... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh no... I wonder why the water's out...
I know there's no water in town right now, but...the more people fret, the less it concerns me. It seems only the gossips are truly worried... I wonder, is it better to worry aloud, or to keep silent? People are interesting... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
If this water outage continues, we soon won't be able to relax with a cup of tea...
No tea... Such is life nowadays... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Because of the water outages, they can't take any drink orders...
I think that's fine... You've been drinking too much juice recently anyway... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ HYLIAN WOMAN #1 The fact that we can't take a bath because of the water outage... That's a big deal!
I think it's fine. It's not like you smell. It doesn't bother me. HYLIAN WOMAN #2 Well, maybe it doesn't bother YOU, but YOU'RE the one who stinks! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey, wait a second! What's going on with the water lately?
I don't know why you're hassling ME about this... The only reason for there to be a water shortage here is if something has happened at the town's water source, Lake Hylia.
If you already know what the problem is, what are you still doing here?
W-Well, er, it MIGHT be the case, but Lake Hylia is under the jurisdiction of eastern Hyrule...
Ugh! Good-for-nothing!
So, when is this water going back to normal, huh?!
Look, if you want Lake Hylia evaluated, you need to talk directly to someone involved with the eastern Hyrule department...
Ugh! Good-for-nothing! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Is this the back of the line?
Before the water supply runs out, we must stock up on water, even hot springwater...
I hadn't heard that there was a drought in eastern Hyrule.
What's going to happen to us if we run out of hot springwater, too...
O spirits of Lanayru, please deliver merciful rain to Lake Hylia in the east... Hrum mrum brum...
So what the soldiers by the spring said, that was the truth!
Is it true that Lake Hylia to the east dried up?!
I have a limited supply of hot springwater! The race goes to the swift, as it is said!
No pushing! If you want hot springwater, form one line! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ CHILD #1 I heard a boy passed out! CHILD #2 When? Where? CHILD #1 I dunno... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The person in the tent on the southeast street...makes me suspicious, meow.
Ugh... I really want to take a bath...
Hmm... Human movement is so rushed and disorganized. Maybe we should go to the central plaza to perform reconnaissance...
Because of the crowd in the southern street, all the kittens can't get through... What's happening? ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hahhh... I'm so bored... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We've had a ton of complaints from citizens who can't send prayers to the spring spirit of Lake Hylia. Go there! The location is the one I showed you on the map earlier! Got it?! What?! Study it and know it well! I told you! The citizens are upset that they can't pray to the spring spirit of Lake Hylia! The location is written there on that map on the table! Have you figured it out yet? Study it well! And don't even THINK about shirking your duty! I've received orders from above to investigate why we can't go to the spirit's spring in Lake Hylia! Got that?!
This boy... Can you save him?!
All right, little lady, try to settle down, OK?! I just now sent for the doctor! But this is strange... A child of the Zoras... I wonder if this is at all related to the incident the soldiers were talking about in back...
Aw, what an emotional reunion! Yes, a girl and her wolf! Eee hee! Sorry, but you know how it goes! These folks can't see you, either... Eee hee hee!
This boy is still so young, so innocent... To see him suffering like this...
He'll be all right, little lady. Someone's already gone for the doctor. I'll tell you, though, from what those soldiers in back were talking about...to everything else... There sure has been a rash of trouble lately...
...Hey, do you smell anything funny? Oh no! We're trapped! Get out of here!
Phew... That was a close one. We're lucky there was a puddle down below, huh? So this is Lake Hylia... But there's so little water...
At any rate, let's take a look around. Come on. Let's go.
It sounds like the spirit's spring should be somewhere around here as well... Anyway, let's take a look around...
The drop in water has been faster than predicted... At this rate, Lake Hylia will dry up. It's a race against time... At this rate, the lake will most definitely vanish if we don't somehow get water from Zora's Domain upstream... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ZORA #1 We've had absolutely no water flowing from upstream... ZORA #2 There's no mistaking it. Something must have happened at the water's source in our home, Zora's Domain. ZORA #1 Yet how are we to return upstream to our home? With the way things are now, we can't even walk back there... ZORA #2 There must be a way... For now, we just need to find a way back upstream, to Zora's domain... ZORA #1 I wonder if the queen and our peers in Zora's Domain are safe... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hurrrm... I'm too old for this... Fyer and Falbi's Watertop Land of Fantastication... It's our grand reopening at our new lake-bottom location... Whee. Hurrrm... Yeah, nice lake... Don't lakes have more...I don't know...water? Did the Zoras who live upriver do something? Or is it a curse from that spirit that floats around up there? Whatever. It's not like I can go up and complain... That's way too high. Whuzzat, a customer?! YIKES! IT'S A MONSTER! Stay away... Stay away...
Hey! Stop it! I'm your new master now! Settle down! Hey! Why don't we use this guy to get us all the way to the lake's water source?
Hey... Careful, now... What do you think, should we try it again?
Ah... We're already here?! That bird turned out to be more useful than I expected. Well, then... Where's the village of the Zoras? Let's look for it. It's getting cold... Hurry up!
I mean, what are those Zoras up to, anyway? The river's run totally dry, right?! I can't work like this... Ugh... C-Cold! Ahh... I miss my fur coat... Ugh... Whoever thought renting out boats was going to be a good idea, anyway? S-So cold... VERY COLD!
Oh... Hey... What's going on here? I thought it was getting colder...but who would have thought that it would all be frozen?! This is the Zora village, right? Why don't I see any, then... Well... Anyway, let's check things out. Let's find the Zoras... I think we can get up from here... Let's go...
A portal has opened here, too! We can finally warp. If you want to breathe the air of the world of light for a moment, let me know. I'll take you there! Whoa! Hey! Down! Look below the ice! Those... Those are the Zoras! Wow... This is really strange... What in the world happened? Hey... What do you want to do? We can't just leave them like this... I think all we need to do is thaw them out... It does us no good to just stand here thinking... Let's leave and come back later. The portal should work for us. We need to find a way to melt the ice and then come back here...
This thing has been here for a while now, but it's still pretty hot... As big and as hot as it is, it just might be enough to melt the ice in Zora's Domain, don't you think?
Who knew that something so dangerous would come in handy... All right... The Zoras are safe now, so let's go. The ice melted and restored the water flow to normal. Can we finally meet the spirit of Lake Hylia?
Koh... Koff!
Hafff... Huffff...
............
Uhh, was I unconscious?
Hahhh... Haffff...
Hahh... Hah...
H-Hey... Are you OK?
A-Ahh... What about those in the waterfall pool?
Huhhh... Haaaahhh...
.....................
I wonder, are the downstream areas going to be all right?
What in the world happened?
Those demons...
Hahh... Haffff...
Someone...helped me?
Wait! Please, you must allow me to thank you for revitalizing both my people and this spring, which is the water source for all the lands of Hyrule. In life, I was the elder of this Zora village and the queen of my people. I was called Rutela.
Not to be rude, but we didn't exactly do it for you guys...
The dark ones... They raided this village and, as a message to my people, executed me before them. Young man... You who takes the form of a proud beast... I have something to ask of you. When the dark ones descended upon our village, I sent my young one, Ralis, to Hyrule Castle to inform Princess Zelda of our fate. But...I fear danger followed him from this doomed place. I feel it. His presence grows fainter to me over time... But my time in this world has passed, and though I would give it gladly, I no longer have a life to risk in his rescue. Please... Would you save my dearest, Prince Ralis? If you do this thing, I will bestow upon you the protection of water. This power will grant you the ability to swim and respire in very deep water as if you were a Zora. Please... Save my son...
Hmm... So, if we help her, she'll grant you the power to swim in deep water like a Zora, huh? So... What do you say, Hero? ...Oh, but now that I think about it, I don't suppose you should meet the prince as a wolf, huh? Eee hee! So... No hurry to return you to the world of light, then, right? Looks like the shock of that impact not only raised the water level, but sped up the flow, too... This water should flow all the way down to the lake. Why don't you let it take you there?
Ugh... Aren't you awake yet? Look! We got washed all the way down to Lake Hylia, just as I predicted... And it looks like we're right in front of the spirit's spring, to boot. Talk about lucky... Well, let's go! Snap out of it and get to the spirit!
I am...the last of the spirits of light...consumed...by twilight... Hero... Chosen one of the gods... You have...done well to make it this far... Gather...my scattered Tears of Light...that were stolen by shadow... Gather them...in this... I am sure...you know by now...the forms...that these dark insects take...when they steal...our light... In this shadow realm...of twilight...the insects...are invisible...like the humans...of this world... Collect...my light... Lift the final cloud of twilight...that threatens to cover...all of Hyrule...
Customers... won't come... even though... the water's back... Maybe no one knows... Perhaps I should go...tell folks...around town... ............ So...tired... Hurrrm... No...customers... And... None likely to come... The road above connecting...is gone and all... Maybe I should go ask the spirit for success in business... ............ So...tired...
What's that over there? What was that thing?!
Hey! If you play that grass there, the monster bird that was just here should come back! ...And even if you can't play it yourself, maybe you can sit there and howl the same song...
Hey... Careful, now... Take out any insects of darkness you see on the way! It's easy if you lock on with Z, OK? What do you think, should we try it again?
What's...that? A bug? Eww, nasty! Why's it so big?! Golly, I am so sick of roughing it up in the boonies! Hey... You stay away, Mr. Bug! Shoo! Go get squished! Huh... It's gone? That was nasty... I hope it doesn't come back... ......Ah, well. Golly, work is tanking just as hard as my personal life these days... Golly... What am I going to do?! The water's back, and I still can't get back in business... I wish some shiny prince would just show up and fix it all. ...Ah, well. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ZORA #1 Do you think Prince Ralis passed through here? ZORA #2 He must have. This is the only waterway that connects to Hyrule Castle. Come. Let's follow this path in search of him. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Prince Ralis is so young... To think the queen... Ugh...
If we fracture our troop strength with too many parties searching for the prince, our guard here will be too thin... Hmm...
Not... Not our prince, too! No... It's better not to even think such unlucky thoughts...
Attacks by the shadow beasts... Volcanic boulders in the throne room... What in the world is going on?!
It appears that the cave to Snowpeak is still frozen over... I suppose we'll have to wait a bit longer.
Hey! We can climb up from here!
What's with that rock?
Well, the water is at least flowing again, but it's a little vigorous... We still need to check to see if the places that take their water from here have been affected...
Uhhh...
Sniff... My queen...
It would be nice if the search parties for the prince would make it back safely...
Taking baths with all the water we want... To us, there is nothing that brings more happiness.
It's good. It smells good. Do I smell good too? HYLIAN WOMAN #2 It smells like beasts... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Hey! Wait a sec! This water started bubbling up all of a sudden! What's going on?
I... I was going to ask you the same thing...
Are you serious? YOU ARE A GOOD-FOR-NOTHING! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It's great that we now have water and everything, but I wonder what caused the outage?
Though water has been restored...people still fret. And the more they do, the less it concerns me. It seems the worriers are the loudest... I wonder, are happier people louder, or generally quieter? People are interesting... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Apparently, the reason for the drought is that water is not flowing from the upper stream... But, I still...don't feel refreshed...
I don't feel refreshed... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Because the water's restored, they can take orders now...
Well that's great...except you never order anything anyway. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ HYLIAN WOMAN #1 Apparently the water is back, and you can now cross to the cave of the spirit...
But I'll bet that the folks coming to worship will stay away for a while... HYLIAN WOMAN #2 Those people who make a living off of those coming to worship at the lake must be struggling... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Isn't this a ladies-first situation?! What's going on here?! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ CHILD #1 A boy passed out and they took him to a shop. CHILD #2 Why? Where? They didn't take him to the hospital? CHILD #1 I dunno... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I'm bored... Maybe I'll take a bath and call it a day...
So this town finally got running water, huh...
Hey! What's going on? There should be one more... Where could the last tear be? What?! There it is... What's going on? That is weird...
You make sure to get that last Fused Shadow, now! Eee hee! See you later!
My name is Lanayru. Your efforts have at last restored each of us light spirits in Hyrule. O hero chosen by the gods... The dark power that you seek... It waits in a temple set in the bed of Lake Hylia. ...But before seeking it, you must now bear witness to something...and never forget it. You must know that it was the will of the goddesses that we lock away the forbidden power... When all was chaos, the goddesses descended and gave order and life to the world. They granted power equally to all who dwelt in the light, and then returned to the heavens. The lands where the goddesses descended came to be known as the Sacred Realm. For ages, the people lived at ease, content in mind and body... But soon, word of the Sacred Realm spread through Hyrule, and a great battle ensued... Among those living in the light, interlopers who excelled at magic appeared. Wielding powerful sorcery, they tried to establish dominion over the Sacred Realm. It was then that the goddesses ordered us three light spirits to intervene. We sealed away the great magic those individuals had mastered. You know this magic... It is the dark power you seek...the Fused Shadow. O hero chosen by the goddesses... Beware... Those who do not know the danger of wielding power will, before long, be ruled by it. Never forget that... The dark power that you seek is sleeping within Lakebed Temple in Lake Hylia...
I am a member of the Zora tribe, the proud people who care for Lake Hylia. The other Zoras are all on guard patrol at the bottom of the lake. The bottom of this lake is a sacred place for us Zoras.
Hurrrm? Some of the Zoras are still alive down under there? I thought maybe they dried up along with the lake... Hey, buddy, have you heard? There's like a temple or something at the bottom of this lake. They put on such airs with all their rituals and fancy temple hoo-ha... Then they just disappear... And what's with putting that temple so deep that humans can't swim there?! I swear, those Zoras... Oh... Are you a customer? Heh heh! You are ONE luck fella, fella! The HEIGHT of excitement, the THRILL of launching to the heavens, the very PEAK of flying fantastication... It can be YOURS, fella! For a limited time only, and without waiting in line, it's a paltry 10 RUPEES! Whaddaya say, buddy of mine? Wanna give it a shot?
Aww, that's too bad... It's fun. You should try it.
Uhh...what? You got a cannon you want me to repair, bud? Well, where is it? I can't repair it unless you bring it here! ...So what'll it be? We doing this? Or not? If you wanna repair a cannon, you need to bring it here, buddy... I don't do business trips, buddy. ...They're too boring.
Welcome, fella! And right this way! Heh heh... Hurry up and hop on in... Hey... You're back! Heh heh... So, fella...I guess you liked the ride, huh? Not a bad bit of fantastication!
Whoa! That reminds me of something... Didn't the late queen in Zora's Domain ask you to do something? She asked us to find her son! The one who's been missing since he headed for Hyrule Castle... I think she said something about granting you some special power if you rescued him? If the final piece of the Fused Shadow is on the bottom of Lake Hylia...then it looks like we're going to need that ability!
Well, hi there! Welcome to Falbi's Flight-by-Fowl! Are you ready for a flight full of dreams and sweet, sweet bonuses? A Cucco- powered ride around Lake Hylia? You will LOVE it! Next up for fantastication... ONE BIG GUY! Er, just one? Right, then that's 20 Rupees for a ticket to the isle of Riches. How about it, partner?
Aww, really? How sad for you... Well, if you change your mind, come back anytime, partner!
Awright! Thanks, partner! Now, just grab a Cucco of any color and try to sail to the Isle or Riches! What's the matter, partner? So, what color do you fancy, partner? What's the matter, partner? There are loads of places hiding treasures out there! Find your very own storehouse of dreams!
I hope you'll come again!
Are you winning lots of Rupees?
Ummm... Hrmmm... That looks a bit too far to fly... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
That is a Zora child! That is beyond my expertise! Hmmmph!
Doctor, wait! If something isn't done, this child will...
Well, this isn't good. A human doctor won't do, huh... That old coot reminded me, though... I've heard of a shaman in Kakariko Village, in the Eldin lands, who's tended Gorons and Zoras.
Is that true? Perhaps if we take him there...
Inadvisable! Too dangerous! But we can't turn a blind eye to a pretty girl in need, either. Yes, we'd better escort you! Am I right, boys?!
Well, isn't that nice. To reach Kakariko, we've got to cross two plains that are each infested by dangerous beasts. But we'll be safe now!
Cowards! Don't EVER show your faces here again! Oh my! Looks like we've got one young swordsman left! And not only that, but it looks like this brave young man will escort us, so get ready to go, honey. Pronto! You know that girl, don't you? It's a real shame... She can't even remember her own name right now. Bless her heart... She found this poor boy collapsed in the road, so she did all she could to save him. More courage in that girl than in all the soldiers of Hyrule, for sure! You lend your strength to her, you hear me? So you say the bridge to the west has been destroyed, huh? Then our only option is to cross the bridge to the east. You see what that means? You'll have to deal with that thing!
Th-Thank you so much for this. Um, if you don't mind me asking, what's your name? ...Link?! I will never in all my life forget your kindness, Link.
Little lady, I think you'd best save your thanks until we're safe in Kakariko... This swordsman of ours has great eyes, honey. They're proud and wild...like a feral beast. We need a beast right now, to keep the true ones at bay. If we make it to Kakariko safely, we'll just thank him then, OK? You ready to roll, Link? You've got to protect these young ones on the way to Kakariko! OK, it's your turn, honey! We're counting on you!
Nice, honey! Keep up the good work!
Isn't there anyone who wants to help the Zora child? The late queen told us in Zora's Domain! If we save him, she'll give us a special power!
Open that gate, honey! Link, open the gate!
...He has passed through the worst of it. As long as he rests, he should recover in due time. Do you know the fate of his mother? Her welfare consumes him. He has been mumbling deliriously about her almost constantly... ...I can see the knowledge grieves you. It must be an awful memory.
I'll stay with him until he's better! No matter how long it takes!
Is that so? Thank you, Colin.
Hey, Link, about Ilia... Is it true, what they say about her?
Yes, she has lost her memory, Colin, and regaining it will be no simple task. But it will be all right, child. If we just give her some time, I am certain that Ilia will find her heart again. So, Colin, I'd like to ask you to stay in this village until then. It is our turn to show the courage that you have already displayed.
Nice to see there's still hope here. And it's always good to see happy results repay your efforts... Those skills of yours... Any chance you're of the mind to put them to use for Hyrule? What hope there is in our kingdom is frail and dying...but there's still a group trying to do what it can. And I'm a member of that group. Call me Telma. I may just stay here a bit longer. I'm still worried about Ilia, and... Well, never mind about the rest. Link, I want to see you again at my bar, you hear me? The bar is actually a kind of safe house for my friends. There's a passageway that leads to the castle from in there, as well. If you ever need something, stop by, I'll be waiting for you, honey!
Thanks to you, this child is saved. I want to thank you for being so kind to someone like me... Someone you don't even know. Through Renado's kindness, I, too, have been allowed to stay a little longer under his care in this village. The children here are all so kind. Such a lovely little village...
I will stay here beside him! Are you going to continue your journeys, Link? Good luck! And please, do not worry about us!
This boy is really sick, and now it sounds like the rest of the Zoras are in trouble, too, right? I'm gonna try to help him get better quickly so we can take him home!
I'll take care of this boy. The shaman's been really worried about this boy, but I think he's also worried about the Zora tribe. Link, you've gotta help! Please help the Zoras!
I dropped a letter into the hot spring and now I can't read it! Gotta blow this thing dry...
This way... I am deeply grateful to you for aiding my son in his time of need. You were right to bring him here. Kakariko Village is a sacred place for the Zora people. It is where we take our eternal rest. My husband in life, King Zora, also rests his spirit here. It is no coincidence my son found his salvation in this place. ...That which I have promised you is within this grave. During his lifetime, my husband created garments specifically for the chosen hero, garments that house the abilities of the Zora. Now, at last, I can join the king in slumber. And yet... My son... He still knows nothing of my death. If you see him again, please pass on this message... Tell him he must not grieve his mother's passing. Tell him she wanted him to be brave and live as the king of our people. And... Tell him his mother...loves him without end. Tell him...
Well, it's a good thing you found all of your friends and picked up that nifty Zora armor... But aren't you forgetting something kind of important? That last Fused Shadow... Remember what Faron the light spirit said... He said you would need the Fused Shadows to defeat the dark overlord Zant and save the world... So even if you go back now with all of the people you saved... The whole tragedy would just repeat itself... So let's go get it! We need to go to the temple on the lake bed of Lake Hylia.
Something about that Zora boy is giving me a feeling of...unease. I worry that something may have happened to the Zoras of Lake Hylia... ...But I must first find a way to recover Ilia's memory. She suffers, and I must help. If I discover anything, I will let you know immediately, so please allow me a little more time... I must find a way to recover Ilia's memory! I must! ...But the fate of the Zoras still gives me pause. I hope nothing is wrong on the lake bed.
Have you listened to everything Renado has to say? I'm worried about Ilia too...but I'm more concerned about the Zoras of Lake Hylia right now. Of course, I agree with Renado completely. This man is ASTUTE! You go on now, Link! See after the Zoras at the lake! Mercy, this boy is simple... Hurry! Go to the Zoras!
Do you know about the new product, the water bomb? They're so superb, Brother, that you can use them underwater! If you don't have any yet, you should buy some! But enough about that, Brother... If you ever want to get on top of this shop, just climb up on my back, Brother!
Hey! I've been waitin' on you! Take a peek at this! I finished my water bombs! These little fellas are so advanced, you can even use 'em in the water! Oh, they'll come in handy, guaranteed. You gonna buy some? All right, now! Take a good gander at Master Barnes's handmade bombs! A very good day to you, sir! Welcome to the incredibly fancy bomb buyback counter! Mercy me, what do we have here? It appears you have some bombs! Allow me a moment's peek into that bag... Now...
, huh... If you're of mind to sell those, I'll buy
bombs for
Rupees. How does that sound, sir?
What? Are you quite sure, sir? How unfortunate... Bear in mind I'll always buy any bombs you care to sell later on. Just bring them here!
Splendid! I'll give you
Rupees for your
bombs! Very well, then! Farewell!
Sir, you wear the garb of the hero in my people's legends... Are you, perhaps...? Well met! I, dear hero, am a maker of bombs. Pardon me for asking... Have you heard of water bombs? They are very dangerous indeed, but you should be able to master them. I am sure you would find them quite useful. How would you like to buy some of my handmade water bombs for 90 Rupees? Hmm? (Don't buy.) Is that so... Well, let me know if and when you have need of a bomb that explodes underwater. Well, just for you, I would part with these water bombs for 90 Rupees. What do you say?
Let me put these in your bag... If you ever run out of water bombs, please come back for more.
Can you see the bubbles rising from the depths? It's dangerous to swim too close. That current is strong enough to carry away most people...
The place beyond this rock is sacred to my people. It was once called the Zora Temple. But now it has been overrun by monsters... They're everywhere... All we could do was seal them in so they do not bring darkness to others...
The temple inside is nothing but a nest of darkness now! You must not enter! ...Did you really do it? The creatures of darkness have made the inside of this temple their home. It's dangerous, so I must ask that you turn back.
Woah! That's treacherous... Whoa! Don't you think you ought to knock down those stalactites hanging off the ceiling first? They don't look to be very stable. I'd bet they'd break pretty easily if you hit them with enough force, don't you think?
You caught a skullfish! It looks stronger than it is... This fish is forbidden, so it won't be added to your fish journal. Release it with A.
There it is! The last Fused Shadow... I'll just take that, thanks! Now, don't resent me for all I've put you through. I NEED this thing! Besides, we have to do something about Zant, the one who thinks he is the king of shadows... His power is a false one... I'll prove it using these! So... I've done everything I needed to. I'm sorry for dragging you all over the place with me... So... Shall we go? Want to go outside? Are you all done here?
Zant!
Did you honestly mean to take an ancient and withered power like this and turn it against me? You are a foolish traitor, Midna. Why do you defy your king?
My KING? You, who do nothing but abuse the magic of your tribe? You must be joking!
How dare you?! Are you implying that my power is...our old magic? Now THAT is a joke! This power is granted to me by my god! It is the magic of the King of Twilight, and you WILL respect it! My Midna... Did you forget? That beast is one of the light dwellers who oppressed our people. No matter how much you may desire otherwise, you will never be more than a shadow in their world. You cannot consort with their kind! But if we can make their world ours, Midna...light and darkness will meet at last. Our tribe will take back their realm...and sweet darkness will blot out this harsh light! And that, Midna, is why... I need you. Not just for me, but for all of our people... Lend me your power. So be it... I will return you to the light world you covet!
Link, hero chosen by the goddesses... Go to the princess locked away in the castle. That princess holds the key that can unlock you from your shadow form...
H-Hurry...to where...Princess Zelda...waits...
LARGE BLACK AND WHITE CAT #1 I just hate the rain... I can't get comfortable whether I sit or stand! Maybe my sixth sense is trying to tell me something... Yeah... I just can't get comfortable today... BROWN CAT #1 Eek! That thing on your back... Is it all right? That Zora kid came through here looking as bad as that. Why don't you take this one to Telma's bar, too? You should ask Telma at the bar about helping the creature on your back...
Ribbit! Normally I live in the underground passageway, but I came out because of the good weather. Have you ever been below this town? It's really spacious! After all, the underground passage was made so that the Hyrule soldiers could escape. Ribbit! The underground passageway stretches about town and is very spacious! Ribbit!
Oh, hello. This is my first time in this town... I'm looking for someone named Louise. She's supposed to know this town well. Where's the bar? It looks like there is no bar on this street... Maybe I'll look somewhere else. LARGE BLACK AND WHITE CAT #2 It's really coming down... At this rate, today's meeting will be cancelled...
You look so stern... With that look on your face, you'll frighten the humans! BROWN CAT #2 Haven't seen your face around here before... If you want to know about this town, then you should ask Louise, Telma's cat. If you want to know about this town, you should ask Louise at Telma's.
Beast! Get out!
You there! You're Link, correct? Mmm, yes, I thought so. I could just tell, you know. I'm Louise. Do you remember meeting me in this shop before? Though I don't think we were properly introduced... In any case, I must tell you, I'm a bit puzzled as to why you look like that. Really, dear, you can't blame the humans for tossing you out, the way you look. Oh... Another patient? You certainly are a curious sort...
...Plea... Please... Princes...Z-Zelda...
This way! Here, get in through the window. The attic is connected to the castle's waterway. It's an old waterway, though...so it could be a rough trip. Well... I suppose all that's left to do is make sure that the humans don't notice you. Shouldn't you hurry to the castle, dear? Use the window and find the passage in the back of the attic! Are you so heavy...that you can't jump high enough? Oh my. There must be another way to climb in! Think! What? They kicked you out again? Difficult to be stealthy when one is so bulky, I'd imagine... Be careful when the footing's not stable or you'll fall, dear. Do walk carefully when you move around the attic. Be careful when the footing's not stable or you'll fall, dear.
The elder told me to escort Telma, but... This city air does not suit my skin... Ugh... I cannot wait to return home and soak in the hot spring...
How's it come to this, huh? Monsters walking in the streets of town... What in the WORLD are the soldiers in Hyrule doing?! The Gorons are so much more reliable than they are, it's not even funny! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I heard that an acquaintance of Telma's defeated the beast that had been attacking tourists on the bridge. Yes, you remember that young man who came by here the other day? His name was Link...
You don't mean...the hero-type? Unbelievable... So that getup wasn't just a costume...
Well now, if that isn't a bit of a shock! I was rather snotty to him, if I recall... I suppose I should apologize when I see him next... I'd hate for him to resort to fisticuffs or some such!
I heard that an acquaintance of Telma's defeated the beast that had been attacking tourists on the bridge. His name was Link... It sounds as though he brought Telma and her young ward to Kakariko Village.
And here I was, thinking Hyrule was empty of men of valor...
Oh, no, I don't believe he's from Hyrule proper at all. No, my understanding is that he's from the small neighboring province of Ordona. This may sound horribly elitist...but people who do not know the city simply do not know fear. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What?! What was that sound?!
H-Hey! Where did that ghost come from?! H-Hey! Don't just stand there! Get that ghost!
Oh... Th-Thanks for beating the ghost. Can I call you...doggie? I'm Jovani. I...became consumed by greed long ago, and sold my soul to a dark creature that did this to me... I can't move... I can't go see my girlfriend... My pet cat Gengle is frozen on my head... I don't think I could be more miserable... I have to ask you a favor, doggie... Can you find and defeat the 20 ghosts that lurk in the dark for me? I think if you can free the pieces of my soul from the ghosts that hold them, I'll be free... Oh, but it's raining out now, so I don't think you can go outside directly. I'll open the door to the underground waterway for you... Once the rain stops, you can come back in here by digging around the front wall where the cats gather... Understand, doggie? That treasure chest is connected to the underground waterway... You can get out from there. Once you've found and defeated the 20 ghosts that lurk in the darkness, come here by digging by the wall where the cats gather...
Please... Please tell me... How do we break...the curse on this one? This...is the one... You need him...to save your world! That's why... Princess... Please... You must help Link...
What binds him is a different magic than what transformed him when he first passed the curtain of twilight. It is an evil power. Our world is one of balance... Just as there is light to drive away darkness, so, too, is there benevolence to banish evil. Head for the sacred grove that lies deep within the lands guarded by the spirit Faron. There you will find the blade of evil's bane that was crafted by the wisdom of the ancient sages...the Master Sword. The Master Sword is a sacred blade that evil can never touch. Evil cloaks you like a dark veil...and that blade is the only thing that can cleave it. Link... Hero sent by the goddesses... Like you, I have been granted special powers by the goddesses...
Fine... Link... You can... You can get to the woods...on your own, right? Princess... I have one last request... Can you tell him...where to find the Mirror of Twilight?
Midna... I believe I understand now just who and what you are... Despite your mortal injuries, you act in our stead... These dark times are the result of our deeds, yet it is you who have reaped the penalty. Accept this now, Midna. I pass it to you...
No! Link! STOP HER! We go back, Link! Back to Faron Woods! Zelda... I've taken all that you had to give...though I did not want it.
Did... Did you save me? Th-Thank you! Listen, since you're so nice, let me tell you something: there's a really pretty wooden area on the other side of this cliff! I climbed over there, but when I tried to get deeper into the woods, THOSE guys attacked me! What's in those woods, anyway? That sure is a pretty forest... You know, the one I found over there, on the other side of the cliff. If you're going, please be careful! Your smell... It's so familiar... It smells a bit like a green-clad prince who helped me out once!
So there's another section of forest beyond this cliff. All right, Link, let's go!
Hee hee hee! ...'Bye!
We are guardians of this land... Guide us to where we once stood. Only then can you enter the true Sacred Grove... Beast who speaks to our hearts... what would you have of us?
Go now to the sacred place, beast... We yield passage to the Sacred Grove...
The sword accepted you as its master... This thing is the embodiment of the evil magic that Zant cast on you. It's definitely different from our tribe's shadow magic... Careful... If you touch it, you'll turn back into a beast! This thing is too dangerous... It's probably for the best if we just leave it here, huh? But on the other hand...if we kept it, you'd be able to transform into a beast anytime you wanted... Yes, since Zant was kind enough to give this to us, we should be thankful and use it all we can! If you need it, just call me. I want to keep a low profile, so I'll hide in your shadow when you're human, but I can change you whenever. You can be a wolf anytime you like! Also, thanks to this thing, you can warp whenever you want by switching into wolf form... Hey, but listen, Link... I've got a little favor to ask... Would you mind coming with me to find something called the Mirror of Twilight? It's hidden somewhere in Hyrule... Yes, the Mirror of Twilight... Our last potential link to Zant!
Oh my... If it isn't Link! You made it! How've you been, honey?! Mercy, but you have good timing. I was just talking about you! Hey, everyone! Introduce yourselves! This handsome young man is the infamous Link! You remember what I told you before, honey? These are those friends I mentioned, the ones who are trying to help deal with all the troubles in Hyrule. Actually, there's one more of us, but there's been a disturbing turn of events in the eastern desert, so he's gone to check it out. He's an older man named Auru. If you happen to meet him, definitely take the time to talk with him, OK, honey? Well, you've come all the way here, honey, so why don't you relax a bit? Why don't you be sociable and talk to these folks? They're a jolly bunch! How's that Ilia doing, honey? I'm sure that shaman will find a way to get her memory back. That Renado is a talented man, for sure! Anyway, honey, you've got your own things to worry about, so you just make sure you do what needs doing right now, OK? Listen, honey, if you're puzzled about what you ought to be doing, why not go see our friend Auru? There's a man who knows things! He's out checking the eastern desert of Hyrule. If you need detailed directions, just take a peek at that map on the table. That old codger Auru is at Lake Hylia, studying the desert.
Oh, hello there! You must be Link, correct? I'm Shad. Wonderful to meet you. Sorry about the ribbing I gave you the other day, old boy. This town is rather teeming with odd sorts, so I was just being careful. Telma told me all you've been up to. You're rather formidable! I'm rather NOT, I'm afraid. Well, I'm formidable at book reading, but I lack, shall we say, physical skills. That said, if the history and legends of Hyrule are your cup of tea, I'm your fellow! If you're curious, just ask away. At the moment I'm absolutely entranced by the sky beings known as the Oocca. Yes, according to legend, Hyrule was made by the Hylians, who, as we all know, are the closest race to the gods. But also according to legend, long ago there was a race even closer to the gods, and some say THESE creatures made the Hylians. When they created the people of Hylia, they simultaneously created a new capital, a city that floated in the heavens. They dwelt there...and some scholars believe that this race lives there still, somewhere in the great sky. Sky beings... Isn't that simply marvelous, old boy? What I wouldn't give to meet them! Would you care to hear about the sky beings again?
Very well! I'm pleased to have found another who shares my passion for the subject.
Are you quite sure? I don't mind... Really?
...It's Ashei. Listen, sorry I was so nasty the other day. I thought you were like those sorry excuses for Hyrule soldiers...but I thought wrong. I grew up in the mountains with my father, who was a knight in his own right. He taught me the arts of war as though I was his son. Of course, lessons in common courtesy were not part of the regimen, so forgive me if I come off as rude, yeah? Listen, before I blab both of your ears off, I want to tell you something. Snowpeak, the mountain to the north of Hyrule... It's unlike any mountain I've ever known. I don't know much yet, but things happen there that happen on no other mountain I know of. ...Evil controls it... As soon as I know something more, I'll tell you. Until then, you should stay away, yeah? Don't go near Snowpeak for a while, yeah? I'm looking into it more now, but trust me, that's no ordinary mountain... As soon as I have more information, I'll let you know, yeah?
...... It has been a long time... Link! My wife, Uli, sent word to me. I have seen the children in Kakariko Village! And, of course, I have also heard of your adventures! I must thank you for your help with Colin, Link. I barely recognized him... In any case, I am troubled by my own inaction. I wanted to help the cause. These friends here... I have had a connection with them for a long while. Like the others, I am gathering information now. I will let you know if I hear anything. I am gathering information now, as well, so I will let you know if I hear something.
What to order, what to order... I do believe I will start with meat.
I thought it was about time for you to arrive... Master Link, is it? Please forgive my rudeness in the bar the other day. You do know Telma, don't you? I am Auru. I am part of the group that Telma kindly allows to meet at her bar. I have heard all about your deeds from her. Now... You being a courageous youth... You have likely heard of the strange events in the desert and come to investigate, no? Or am I mistaken? You do know, don't you, Master Link? The Gerudo Desert once held a prison built to hold the worst criminals this land has ever known... The criminals who were sentenced to death were sent directly to the underworld by a cursed mirror that was kept in the prison... Now that prison is condemned, and even the road leading to the desert is impassable. This desert at world's end... It still holds the cursed mirror and the malice of the doomed inmates... These old bones know that the evil currently plaguing Hyrule is related to this wicked place. So I have come to learn the truth... Master Link, I must ask... What will you do now? Don't tell me you plan to enter the desert and confirm my suspicions with your own eyes?!
I see... Well, not to pry, but if you were going to the desert, then I could have told you how to get there... Young Master Link... What is the trouble? Do you intend to venture into the desert?
I see... So if you change your mind, please let me know, I can be of some help...
Ah, is that so... Then let good old Auru help you out... You see Lake Hylia below us? A man named Fyer runs an amusement ride of sorts there. Give him this. See, long ago, I saved this man Fyer's life, and now he cannot refuse me if I ask a favor. If you leave the rest up to Fyer, all should go well. Just give my note to Fyer, the man who runs the amusement ride in Lake Hylia. If you leave the rest to Fyer, all should go well.
Hrrrm... From old Auru, huh... Ah well, I guess I oughta do what the old coot says... Oasis flight...right? So here you go, one of our secret options not available to the general public... This time's all paid for...so whaddaya say? You wanna go?
All right then... But remember, next time, you gotta pay! Sweet sailing, buddy of mine. One for oasis...fire in the hole!
...Pffft, really? Why come all this way just to chicken out? Hurrm, blast it... Well, you get ready, then. I'll wait here, OK? So... What's next for you? You're raring to go, huh? That's the desert oasis flight...right? Ready to give it a shot? If you want not to, press B!
What?! Hurrrm... Can't figure out what you're waiting on, fella... The mysterious charms of the desert await...so get on with it! (Oasis flight) Heh heh... All right, buddy of mine! Let's get you zooming! Yeah, this time is free just 'cause I don't need to be getting an earful from the old fella later on. So then... One for the oasis flight! Heh heh... Hurry up and hop on in...
Wait, Link. Before we go on, there's something I want you to hear. ...Do you remember what the spirit said about the Fused Shadows? What do you think happened to the magic wielders who tried to rule the Sacred Realm? They were banished. They were chased across the sacred lands of Hyrule and driven into another realm by the goddesses. It was another world entirely... The antithesis of Hyrule, where the sun shines bright. Its denizens became shadows that could not mingle with the light. Eventually, most came to call it the Twilight Realm, and from it, none could return to the world of light... They were forever doomed to live in the twilight, flitting in the half-light of dusk, mere shadows of Hyrule... This is the history of the Twili as it has been passed down from our ancestors... Do you now understand what I am? I'm a descendant of the tribe that was banished to the Twilight Realm! It was a peaceful place...until Zant took control of the Twilight Realm and transformed all of the Twili into shadow beasts. It's clear to me now that he somehow gained a great evil power previously unknown to our tribe... In any case, I was sent from there, and could no longer get into the Twilight Realm without his power. ...But there's another tale told by my people. Though the goddesses forbade us to return to the world of light, they left one link between the light and the darkness. Something called the Mirror of Twilight was passed to the protectors of Hyrule... It's our only path to the Twilight Realm...and we must get there! You'll come with me...won't you?
What is this thing?
It does seem to be man-made. I wonder what it is? Why is it there? It doesn't look like it's been there long, does it?
Hey! Are you doing that on purpose to make me mad?! Are you trying to drive me crazy, bringing me to a place like this?! Give me a break!
So, how was your human-cannonball ride into the desert? I'd wager it was some flight! Ha! You youngsters get to have all the fun!
Forget the Scent of Ilia and learn a new smell?
You still live... How astonishing. No wonder some call you "hero". But this is truly a bittersweet reunion... Truly! For I fear this is the last time I will see you alive!
All right, Link, let's go! We're close to the Mirror of Twilight...
A dark entity lurks in the twilight... It houses an evil power...
You who are guided by fate... You who possess the crest of the goddesses... Hear us.
At the command of the goddesses, we sages have guarded the Mirror of Twilight since ancient times.
You seek it...but the Mirror of Twilight has been fragmented by mighty magic.
That magic is a dark power that only he possesses...
His name is... Ganondorf.
He was the leader of a band of thieves who invaded Hyrule in the hopes of establishing dominion over the Sacred Realm. He was known as a demon thief, an evil-magic wielder renowned for his ruthlessness... But he was blind... In all of his fury and might, he was blind to any danger, and thus was exposed, subdued, and brought to justice. Yet... By some divine prank, he, too, had been blessed with the chosen power of the gods. His abiding hatred and lust for power turned to purest malice... Perhaps that evil power has been passed on to Zant...
You're just now figuring out where Zant got his power? It's far too late...
Only the true leader of the Twili can utterly destroy the Mirror of Twilight...so Zant could merely break it into pieces. Once broken by magic, the Mirror of Twilight became fragments, which even now lie hidden across the land of Hyrule.
One is in the snowy mountain heights...
One is in an ancient grove...
And one is in the heavens...
You who have been sent by the goddesses... You should be able to gather the three pieces... But you must be prepared, for a dangerous power resides in those fragments...
Oh my... If it isn't Link! You made it! How've you been, honey?! Mercy, but you have good timing. I was just talking about you! Everyone! Look! Link's come to see us! These are those friends I mentioned, the ones who are trying to help deal with all the troubles in Hyrule. Actually, there's one more of us...but there's been a disturbing turn of events on the north mountain, so she's gone to check things out. She's a beautiful young lady named Ashei. If you have a chance to meet her, you should definitely take the time to talk to her, OK, honey? Well, you've come all the way here, honey, so why don't you relax a bit?
How's that Ilia doing, honey? I'm sure that shaman will find a way to get her memory back. That Renado is a talented man, for sure! Anyway, honey, you've got your own things to worry about, so you just make sure you do what needs doing right now, OK? Now, I'm not doubting you, honey, but if you're wondering what you ought to be doing, you ought to go talk to our friend Ashei. She's up on Hyrule's northern mountain checking things out, and she's got good instincts, trust me. If you need detailed directions, just take a peek at that map on the table. Ashei mentioned Snowpeak Mountain and headed off...
Say... Link! You're alive and well! Tell me, did you find anything of interest at the Arbiter's Grounds in the desert? The sages... Those sages once served the royal family, actually. They were appointed as tutors to the young Princess Zelda. It was from them that I first heard tales of the accursed mirror in the Arbiter's Grounds. Did you see the sad state of Hyrule Castle? It's the urgent desire of this group of ours to restore peace to this kingdom as swiftly as possible. Link... Please continue to lend us your strength!
I heard that the mountain beast has been frequenting our village lately. The beast never came to the village before. I wonder what brings him...
For some reason, a suspicious person has been wandering around our domain lately. I didn't see him...but there were some witnesses near the waterfall basin, I think.
There seems to be no end to the mayhem that's befallen us since our queen passed on...
A suspicious girl has been seen around this area lately... I wonder what brings her?
Have you heard?
You've got good ears. I only just learned it myself...
Apparently, the beast of the snowy mountains came here. At least, that's what some folks who saw him are claiming...
It is our responsibility to protect this village as we wait Prince Ralis's return. ZORA SOLDIER #1 Things have been in such an uproar lately... I'm on patrol in an attempt to beef up security in our domain. ZORA SOLDIER #2 Apparently, the beast of Snowpeak Mountain has been appearing in this town frequently of late. Why the beast who normally lives on Snowpeak would come down to the village... Well, we don't have a clue as to why this would be. ZORA SOLDIER #1 There's a rumor going around that a suspicious person has been seen around here lately. I wonder if those in the throne room have been informed of this... ZORA SOLDIER #2 Snowpeak is up ahead. It's very treacherous. Not only has the weather been bad lately, but because the beast has been coming to the village, we have been taking extra precautions.
Link. What brings you to a dangerous place like this?
Hey... You're Link, yeah? I've heard great things about you... Telma looks out for me, so I stop by her bar pretty often. I'm Ashei. Anyway... What are you doing in a dangerous place like this? Ever since Zora's Domain got covered in ice, this mountain's been much colder than usual, yeah? Not only that, but I heard a really weird story from the Zoras. Apparently, the beast that lives somewhere on this mountain has been seen frequently in Zora's Domain. I was curious, so I came and waited...and as they'd said, a giant appeared! Yeah, it looked like this... Apparently, this thing's been stealing red fish from the village. I want to investigate further...but I can't even see the path through this blizzard, yeah? I'm sure you're here because you're curious about the mountain, but best not go without a plan. If you go into this blizzard without a plan, you'll get lost...and that'll only lead to disaster, trust me. The only clues we have right now are the stories of the Zoras and my sketch. It's not much, I know.
What a terrible storm... Looks like you're not welcome here... Look, I understand that the mirror is hidden somewhere on the mountain, but we need a plan... I know... That story that Ashei told about the beast... What do you think about that? You think we should show that sketch to the Zoras and see what they have to say?
ZORA SOLDIER #3 Hey, the beast of Snowpeak... Oh! The red fish it's holding! That's a reekfish! Ah... So the beast has been showing itself because it's been catching reekfish... We didn't think that anyone besides Prince Ralis was capable of catching this type of fish! Not only is that type of fish tenacious, but it won't even bat an eye at ordinary bait. In fact, this is the first time we'd seen anyone other than Prince Ralis catch one. We were stunned!
The fish this beast has... Prince Ralis is quite skilled at catching that type of fish... Oh... Prince... Where could you be by now... When I see this fish, I can't help but think of the prince...
This... Did you draw this? The beast... Hey! Isn't it holding a red fish? That's a reekfish! Reekfish live close to the two stone formations we call the Mother-and-Child Rocks. They've got a distinct smell that some find a little...gamey...but they're packed with nutrients, so they're revered and well cared for.
Is... Is your name Link? My mother came to me in a dream... She showed me your image. She spoke of youth who would save our domain and steer my fate. One named Link. I must thank you for all you've done. If there is anything I can ever do for you, please tell me. Please... Link... I have so little confidence... What can I do? I could not even carry out one simple task for my mother... I am so unlike her... I doubt I am even qualified to rule... Link... What would my mother have thought of me? I still have so little confidence in myself... What can a pitiful Zora like me do? I am not sure I can be of any use at all...... ...Can I?
Hmm... The beast-man of the snowy mountain...perhaps? But more important is this red fish it is holding... It must be a reekfish. That is a rare specimen found only in the Zora village. It feeds on a valuable type of coral, and without that bait, even our best fishers cannot catch one. Look closely, Link... My earring is made of this coral. I would like to give it to you. I received it from my mother... But it is fine. I no longer need it. As I look at you, I get a sense of what my mother wanted, what I should be doing now... I will return to my village. The reekfish can be found near the Mother-and-Child Rocks in the waterfall basin near my village. The fish are red, so I think you should be able to spot them... The reekfish can be found near the Mother-and-Child Rocks in the waterfall basin near my village. The fish are red, so you should definitely be able to spot them.
The reekfish that the beast of Snowpeak took... Maybe if we took a look at it, it'd give us a clue...
That's a reekfish
! This sacred fish is only found near the Zora village. It...reeks. You can see fish you've caught by pressing + and viewing the Collection screen. Forget the Poe scent and learn a new smell?
Uh! Rare color of wolf! Looks tasty... But tonight fish night. Maybe another time. Friendly, uh? I take you home with me, uh? ...If I did not have fish.
Uh! Whoa-ho! I heard ruckus, and uh! Just a human! I see humans not often, uh? Why human come to snows? You...on spiritual journey? You look for true self?
Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh! You look for long time! ...That was joke. Yetis joke too, uh. You look for something else, uh? Tell truth. (Umm, no.) ...You rude. You look for something else, uh? Tell truth.
...Uh. You look for mirror in such faraway place... But you make good climb! And you lucky to meet me! I found shiny mirror piece! Same mirror you look for, uh? Uh! You come to house and see yourself! I caught fish. I make hot meal, at least... My house far away... We slide there, uh? Do like me! Come!
...Here? What's with this guy? He's got a nice place...for a beast-man.
...Who? Uh... Sorry... I have sickness, uh... Come closer, uh? Uh, wait... I tell you something. You cute little human. Husband told me you come. You want to look at mirror, uh? My husband found it, but it pretty thing, uh. But...since I get mirror, I get sick, and then bad monsters appear... So many bad things happen since mirror... So we lock bedroom on third floor where it hangs, uh? Wait... I tell you where key is... Fever makes head blurry, but... It probably here in the room marked by this symbol... But right now...can't even get up. Would you bring it to me, uh? Start with door right here... I would go, uh, but so sick... Sorry to be bother, uh...
Uh! You! Wife...look bad, uh? Not healthy since mirror... So I make soup for her. Fish from Zora village are most nutritious! You tired, uh? You have some. It gives you energy! What flavor for soup, uh... Can't decide...
What's this? This isn't right! She got the wrong locations. Want to go back and try to get her to remember where the key is?
What flavor... Uh... PUMPKIN! You have pumpkin, uh? Pumpkin, pumpkin, uh! Thanks, uh! You taste if you want! Uh... Needs...more punch, uh! Needs...something.
You find it, uh? ...What? Pumpkin? But why there? No good, uh... Where I leave it? Uh! Maybe in THAT room. Go to room marked by symbol... Check room I marked on map, uh. Sorry about delay... I want to help, uh...
Aw, food AGAIN?! Yeah, I had a bad feeling about this. She didn't seem very sure of herself... Oh well... Let's head back and hope she had some other brilliant idea.
What happened, uh? ...What?! Cheese... Uh... Did husband move it? Uh... Where in world did we put it... Sorry, I need thinking time, uh. Take cheese to husband, uh? You do that, I try to remember... Uh, sorry... Still no remember where bedroom key is. You take cheese to husband first. You do that, I try to remember...
Uh... Needs...more punch, uh! Uh... WHAT?! GOOD SMELL! What you have, uh?! Mmm! Perfect ingredient, uh! Little more time on fire, it become gourmet soup, uh! Here! Taste, uh! Mmm! Smells good, uh! Wife feel better when she drink this.
I think I remember, uh! We put key in nearby room, so no forgetting, uh. How I forget? Embarrassing, uh. See! Here. Place marked by symbol, uh! It there. It must be, uh! You look for me! I promise it right this time! Please, you look for me...
Phew... We've finally found the key. That sure took a while...but that mirror shard is as good as ours!
Oh! You safe, uh! I drink husband's soup, feel much better, uh. So I come to find you. You found key, uh! Good! Good! Bedroom right above us. I take you there, uh. Bedroom right there, you go ahead. No worry for me, uh? Thank you. You come inside... Please... This way, uh. Here...mirror. You look at it, uh... Uh... So pretty... Pretty... Uh... So pretty... Pretty... Pretty...mirror... Lovely... NOT TAKE MIRROR!
Well, we have two mirror shards now... Two more left, Link. Still... I feel bad about the way we treated that girl. To think the Mirror of Twilight has the power to change people like that... This world...ALL worlds...can be cruel... Let's hurry and collect the rest of those pieces, Link! We have to, before more innocent creatures have to endure the suffering this poor girl did... Well, let's go search for the two that remain.
Uh... Uh... What... What wrong with me?
Very strange... You just dreaming, uh.
Yeto! Mirror you gave...
Forget mirror, Yeta... No. Look into eyes of Yeto... Look in reflection of Yeto's beautiful eyes. There true beauty! Who need mirror?
My love, uh!
Love you, uh...
Uh, love you, too...
I'll get you out of here. You're sure there's nothing else you need to do, right?
Oh my... If it isn't Link! You made it! How've you been, honey?! Mercy, but you have good timing. I was just talking about you! Everyone! Look! Link's come to see us! These are those friends I mentioned, the ones who are trying to help deal with all the troubles in Hyrule. Actually, there's one more of us...but there's been a disturbing turn of events in the southern wood, so he's gone to check it out. It's someone you know very well... He wants to see you, so you should go pay a visit, honey! Well, you've come all the way here, honey, so why don't you relax a bit?
How's that Ilia doing, honey? I'm sure that shaman will find a way to get her memory back. That Renado is a talented man, for sure! Anyway, honey, you've got your own things to worry about, so you just make sure you do what needs doing right now, OK? Hey, honey, if you're up in the air about where to go next, maybe you ought to go talk to Rusl. He's in Hyrule's southern wood right now, checking out the lay of the land. If you need detailed directions, just take a peek at that map on the table. I wonder if the Sacred Grove that Rusl mentioned is near this mark...
Link, huh? The beast of Snowpeak hasn't appeared in Zora's Domain since it's last visit. In the end, the troubles in Hyrule and the events on Snowpeak were beyond even my imagination. Honestly... There's got to be someone who knows what really happened... Link, you truly are a mysterious guy... No matter where some kind of incident occurs, your name always seems to come up! Hey, don't misunderstand me... I meant that as a compliment, yeah? As a fellow worker in the fight to restore peace to Hyrule, you have my thanks. And may we both keep up the good work.
It has been a while since we took a walk in the forest, huh? Yes, and how our world has changed...
I knew you would come. I have heard of your brave acts from Telma... I have known her circle of friends since my youth, and of late we have begun to work toward a common goal. ...So. Let me tell you a story. Say... Do you know about the far side of this deep gorge? Some say there is an ancient temple deep in the woods that guards a sacred power. The ancestors of the Hylians created the temple... Signs of their civilization- -ancient, but very sophisticated--are everywhere. If someone could obtain the power of those ancient people... Well, I am sure it would go a long way toward saving Hyrule. Link... Would you take on this task? Would you cross the gorge and find the ancient power sleeping in the temple?
Getting across the gorge and entering the temple will be difficult, make no mistake. ...But I am sure you can do it. If only I had your courage and strength, I, too, would fight to restore the peace...but I am not the man I once was.
I knew you would! To cross the gorge, just use my partner here. ...Do you doubt my partner's skills? He flies like a dream! Believe me! Well, you will definitely make it across the gorge. Wait and see, my doubting friend. Restore the peace! Reclaim the power of this ancient civilization that has slept in the temple for ages beyond count!My partner will definitely get the job done! No doubt in my mind! Give it a shot!
Twinkle, twinkle, little Cucco... I am gold and not for you-oo...
Hee hee hee... That was fun! I'll tell you what: I'll let you into a secret place!
The sacred, ancient forest... So this was what they were talking about...
Link... Don't you think there's something odd about that statue? In the grove and in the temple entry, there were always matching ones on each side, but there's only one here... Why don't you use your senses to take a look around?
I knew it... There was one more here originally. We need to find the other statue in this temple that matches that one.
Erm! Not so fast! At last... This is it! This is where I've been trying to get to! The ancient technology of our people sleeps in this place. We've searched all over...and now we're so close, I can SMELL it! Once we find that thing, we can go home at last! Oh, gracious, yes! Erm, young man! We're so close...so PLEASE help us find what we're looking for!
Goodness! Wait a second! Young man, could you be...the one they call the hero?
Goodness. I thought so! Just as I suspected!
What? Really? So you're...erm just passing through... Are you kidding me?! I have to tell you, my son and I have been looking for something. We can't return home until we find that thing. Oh, gracious no! You must need something here, too. Shall we try working together for a while, fellow adventurer? You may not think I look like much, but I can be quite helpful! I can even warp you out of here if you want to leave! So don't think of me as a burden! Now let's get started!
Three of the mirror shards are ours! Just one left! Link... You saw how nasty that monster was, right? The evil within the shards is more powerful than you can imagine... You know we could be assembling something truly terrible here... It could be something that we'll ultimately have to destroy... We have to hurry! Let's find the last shard, Link! We have to reach the sky! That's where the last shard is supposed to be! I'll get you out of here. You're sure there's nothing else you need to do, right?
Well done, adventurer! Ooccoo sees what she was looking for. Goodness, yes! It's the Dominion Rod you found in the temple! But that thing has been around for quite some time. I can see from here that its magic has been exhausted. Ooh, what am I to do... I thought at last I could return to the sky... And I have completely forgotten the spell that would once again bestow it with magic... It can't be helped. I suppose I'll just have to look for the statues that respond to the rod... It's decided! That's what we'll do! That's what we'll do, indeed! Well, Ooccoo is on her way! See you again!
Hey! Wait! What did you do to the Dominion Rod? ...She's gone. I suppose a useless rod is really just more baggage, but...what are you going to do? Hmm... Did she just say something about returning to the sky? The last piece of the mirror is also said to be in the heavens... If we can restore magic to the Dominion Rod, maybe it'll come in handy! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Oh my... If it isn't Link! You made it! How've you been, honey?! Mercy, but you have good timing. I was just talking about you! Everyone! Look! Link's come to see us! These are those friends I mentioned, the ones who are trying to help deal with all the troubles in Hyrule. Actually, there's one more of us...but he's doing a little research in Kakariko Village. His name's Shad. He's about the same age as you, I think. If you see him, you should try talking to him, honey. Oh... Mercy, how could I forget! If you're going to Kakariko Village, be sure to give my regards to that adorable shaman, OK, honey? Well, you've come all the way here, honey, so why don't you relax a bit.
How's that Ilia doing, honey? I'm sure that shaman will find a way to get her memory back. That Renado is a talented man, for sure! Anyway, honey, you've got your own things to worry about, so you just make sure you do what needs doing right now, OK? You unsure about what you ought to be doing, honey? Well, why don't you go show your face in Kakariko Village? Our friend Shad happens to be there right now, looking into this and that. If you need detailed directions, just take a peek at that map on the table. Shad is in Kakariko Village now. Would you check on the children if you head that way, Link?
So? Did you find the power of the ancient civilization? If you discover anything, could you be sure to also tell Shad? He has been researching the Oocca, who are said to be the ancestors of the Hylians. As we speak, he is in Kakariko Village investigating these sky beings. Perhaps you should go see him? He is an avid scholar, so I am sure his knowledge could be helpful. Yes, yes... My golden friend came in handy, did he not? Link. We must restore the peace and take the children home with us!
Oh my... Color me surprised... If it isn't Link! What a coincidence, meeting you in a place like this. How very odd... Say, old boy, do you remember what I told you before about the legend of the sky beings known as the Oocca? Yes, well, there's something about it that's been bothering me, so I came here to snoop about...
I say, old boy... Aren't you Link? I'm a bit of a regular in Telma's bar, so I've heard of you...and of your exploits in battle. Oh... Where are my manners? I'm Shad. I'm looking into the Hyrulian legend of the sky beings known as the Oocca... To think that you would appear here with such perfect timing! You really are a rather extraordinary fellow, aren't you? I've found it at long last... Observe this statue! It's the same as the one in the manuscripts my dear father left me. There are many similar statues around Hyrule, but this one seems to be different. Here, look at the belly... There's something written there, you see? This, too, was in my father's notes... It is called Sky Writing, I believe. "Awaken us with the word that breaks the seal." ... Yes, indeed, that is what it says. Wait a moment... Isn't that Ilia a friend of yours? It's simply tragic how she lost her memory. And that rod of the heavens she mentioned... I'm sure it has something to do with the word that breaks the seal. Hmm... Isn't there any way to restore her memory? I'm certain it would help us figure this all out... Statues, the word that breaks the seal, and the rod of the heavens... It just gets odder and odder... Now Ilia's memory is the last clue we have to solving this strange puzzle about the heavens... Link, what shall we do?
Darbus happened to hear that an acquaintance of one of our brothers had lost her memory and was in some trouble. Me? I came down here because I have a little something to discuss with the shaman.
Who are you, little human? The young lady's acquaintance?
Um...Link? Did you hear what the shaman said?
Ah! I have been waiting for you, Link. Fortune has smiled upon us! If things go well, we should be able to help Ilia recover her memory! Do you know Telma's friend, Shad? Well, it seems he is researching the heavens, and he has come here to see the statue in the basement of the sanctuary. And, as I have learned, when Ilia was saved, she overheard someone talking about the rod of the heavens, or something like that... The Goron elder believes that to help her regain her lost memories, we must piece together the fragments of her past... Which means... If we work our way backwards from the very place where she lost her memory, we may find something that will restore it. Now we must retrace Ilia's path... I am certain it was Telma who cared for her before she arrived in this village, was it not? It would be best to speak with her first. Please take this to Telma! It shames me to say it, but to be honest, I cannot abide Telma's company... We have a fighting chance, Link! Shad is still down there in the basement, investigating that statue. Now get going! You must deliver my letter to Telma immediately! I just cannot do it myself... The race to recover Ilia's memory is on, Link!
Link... I remember being saved from a dangerous situation by someone... Someone who told me all about the rod of the heavens. But now I can't remember the who, why, where, or what it all means... Do you really think I'll recover my memory? I regret that a complete stranger like yourself got caught up in all of this because of me. I'm so sorry.
Little human, it is time for you to show your manliness...for the girl's sake! If there is anything I can do to help, just say so! It is in times like these that we must come to one another's aid! Not that you could ever do much to help ME, my tiny friend! Gah ha ha!
Whether we get that girl's memory back, young warrior, will be up to you. Even our chief, Darbus, has lost the memory of his dark time... We have not told him that you were the one who saved him. He is a proud Goron, and he can be...touchy. If he knew he had been saved by a human... On the other hand, he does have a strong sense of moral duty, so if anything happens, you can count on him to help.
Oooh! Well, if it isn't from Renado the shaman! All this writing, and he doesn't even bother to mention a thing about little ol' me? Honey, that is what I call RUDE! Well, there's no accounting for the foolishness of a man. And at least I understand Ilia's situation now. Of course I can lend a hand for that adorable little girl! Hmmm, what else do I know... The first one to bring Ilia to this shop was that doctor... Maybe he knows something, but he's a crusty old bat, that's for sure... Ah... I've got it! Honey, you go ahead and take this to him. This magic little paper will get that codger talking! It sure would be nice if she started remembering things soon, eh, Link? Don't you worry, honey! That girl's memory will come back! But don't just wait around for things to happen, you hear me? You make sure you take care of what needs doing, OK?
Eh? What's that? Just as I wondered who it might be, I see it's the admirable young lad who was willing to help the Zora boy for nary a single Rupee... Just what is it you want, lad? A physical? You've some money, don't you? By the way, that girl Ilia didn't mention anything about me, did she? I'll be honest, lad, it'll cost you a fair bit for an examination. It's not that I'm having trouble making money... Not at all! Why, I'm so skilled, they call my hands "The Golden Mitts"! If you don't have any errand here, then begone, you scoundrel! ...Did she really not say anything at all about me? If you don't have any money, then you're just a bother! A bother! And I'm too busy for bothers!
AIIIGH! L-Look! I can't pay this off right now! I can see Telma's hired you as some sort of heavy to strong-arm me, but she'll have to wait! Look, lad, if I'd been able to sell the wooden statue that young lady had, I would've been able to get the money... But see, I accidentally spilled medicine all over that little carving, which made it stink awfully. I put it outside to dry...but then... Well, it was stolen. Who goes around stealing people's stuff like that? What a world! You always have to be on guard, eh? ...... ...Uh, look, Mr. Heavy, at any rate, neither the money nor the carving is here, so I can't repay you. Now, to work, to work... You're a persistent little bug, eh?! I said I have neither the money nor the wooden statue, you great lout! I can't return what I don't have! Ugh! I can't get rid of that medicine stench, I don't have any money... When it rains misfortune, it pours! Remember that, lad!
Forget the Reekfish Scent and learn a new smell?
You're looking for the wooden statue that Ilia had, aren't you, dear? Think it's a coincidence that I happen to know it got stolen from the doctor's place? No... Yes, I admit it...I took it. But then I was attacked by some sort of skeletal dog beasts who took it from me. I don't know why these beasts were after her statue... I thought it likely that she was in a dangerous spot, though. Those fiends lurk just outside the southern gate... Unfortunately, they only come out at night. ...And another thing... They always move around as a pack. You won't get that statue back unless you give them all a thrashing... That statue sounds like a key to getting Ilia's memory back... You must get it back! That girl won't recover her memory if you don't defeat those dog beasts outside the southern gate and get that statue back. Those fiends travel in a pack at night! Be careful out there!
Get that statue back and get it to Ilia as quickly as you can!
Did Telma say anything? If we can retrace Ilia's actions, we should be able to find a clue...
What...is this?! I... I remember something... I was confined somewhere... Yes, and I was saved by whoever was confined with me... And when that person set me free, they gave me this statue... Yes, yes, I remember that much! But that means...that person is still in trouble! Oh, what is WRONG with me?! I can't remember where that place was!
I REMEMBER! I thought I had seen that before somewhere... That belonged to the tribe that protected the Hylian royal family long ago. They worked in secret, so they lived in a lonely, forgotten place. But I heard that tribe dwindled in the prolonged wars... If you want to find that hidden village, look for a path leading to the Lanayru province on the far side of the Bridge of Eldin. But...a rockslide blocked the way to the village long ago, so you can't get there anymore. What? Oh, I do not mean to worry you, little human. Problems like these are not problems to Gorons. Our patriarch, Darbus, will be waiting for you up ahead. Look at your map to see where. I would try to find the path beyond the Bridge of Eldin that leads to Lanayru Province. I have marked your map. You must go to the path beyond the long stone bridge that leads to Lanayru Province. Find the hidden village! You cannot forget that even now, some innocent is confined there!
If Ilia's recollection is correct, then we need to find that person in the hidden village... Perhaps that person holds the key to unlocking her memory... But it is a long shot.
Please... Don't worry about my memory... Just do something to help the one who set me free. Please, Link!
There is a hidden village up ahead, little human. The elders call it a forgotten place. This scent that has been burning in my nostrils...it is the scent of evil. There is one powerful creature I have seen about...but under that beast are many minions who attack and plunder like a pack of hyenas. There are 30... No... At most, 20 of them ahead... They are probably just a small band of survivors... Ragged remnants who have settled, leaderless, into this village. If that is all there are, little human, then you alone are more than enough for them. But you will have to defeat them ALL to save that girl's benefactor. Before you go, I will tell you the secret to besting them: destroy them all before they spot you! Got it, little human?
Those stupid monsters... They think they can just do whatever they want in our town! We won't allow it! Hey there, buddy! Lemme tell you something good. See, these guys tend to hide hearts and Rupees all around these parts. If you want some of that nice loot, just dig around to your heart's content! The stuff hidden around here is all stolen monster loot. If you want some of that nice loot, just dig around to your heart's content! Don't worry... You have my blessing!
Go home, you savages! Go on, git! I don't have any food left to feed you monsters! And I don't know anything about the girl! I'm not opening up until every last one of you is gone! You heard me! So get out of here!
The howls of the beasts... They've faded into silence... Wait, are you... The savior! It's you, the savior! Please, please forgive me...for not opening up the door. My name is Impaz. I'm the last resident of this poor village. My name comes from the great one who built this village so long ago... This village was once the secret home of a proud tribe who served the royal family... But it fell into decline, and became infested with dangerous beasts. It's become an awful place... Excuse me for asking, but is your name...Link? Ah! I knew it... So then, you saved that nice girl? ...How lovely. When she was here, she would often cheer me up by saying that you would come to help. That sweet girl... She worried about this old woman even as I helped her to escape from here... By royal order, I can't leave this place until a certain person arrives. ...No matter what terrible fate is visited upon it... Oh, but listen to me blather on! I have a favor to ask: would you help me return this to her? I think she always kept it close to her heart, but even so, she didn't hesitate to part with it in order to protect me... I believe in my heart that it's kept me safe all this time... So please... I ask that you return it to that girl. That dear girl deserves her charm back. ...And tell her that this old biddy was very grateful. Hey! That rod... Is that the Dominion Rod? Ahh... Could it really be? Are you the messenger to the heavens?! Among the legends of my clan, there is a story from the time when the Oocca still maintained contact with the royal family. Yes, it said that a mysterious rod was handed down from the people of the sky, and it was called the Dominion Rod... The rod was only to be carried by the messenger to the heavens when the royal family needed to communicate with the Oocca. From generation to generation, my ancestors have guarded the book that, by royal decree, was to be given to the messenger to the heavens. This is that book. Please, take it. This book is written in the ancient language of Sky Writing. I am so glad I stayed in this village... If I had not met that young girl, what would have become of me? Meeting that girl must have been ordained by the gods, so that I could be here today to pass on this knowledge... Yes, I was meant to pass on that ancient book from the heavens to you... Please, take care of yourself.
I... I knew you once... Yes... This feels so familiar... The scent of hay... Long ago... When we were young, you and I... You were always there... You were always beside me... Link. This gift was meant for you. It was something I wanted to give you before you left on your journey. Please, Link, take it. You don't need to worry about me any longer. Whenever you return... I'll be waiting for you. Link... Do you remember what I was saying about the rod of the heavens? Well, actually... It was about the messenger to the heavens who held the rod... The nice woman who saved me told me about it... Apparently, in this woman's village, they've guarded something for the heavenly messenger for generations, so they await him. But they can't give this item away until the messenger arrives with the rod... That's why the lady couldn't leave her village, you see... Say, Link... Do you have any idea who this messenger to the heavens might be? Or even what the rod is? Is that Shad fellow down there a friend of yours, Link? I need to give him my thanks!
What's this? Ah! It's Sky Writing! Where in blazes did you get this? You don't suppose this could be the word that breaks the seal... R-Right! Let's try it out!
...No reaction. So it is not this statue... Urgh... ...Link, thanks ever so. You have brought me one step closer to solving this puzzle. I shall give the book back to you. Now! I shall try out this word on other statues! I have made the rounds of these statues so many times that I have memorized their locations. I will place marks on your map so you can find them, in case you wish to track them down. Remember, every one of those marks is near an owl statue! Now, if you'll excuse me!
Power has returned to the Dominion Rod! This mystical rod breathes life into ancient statues. Set it to B on the - screen, then aim with
and swing it with B to make statues mimic your moves.
The writing in the book was a spell that imbued the staff with magic! Now you can do to the other statues what you did before... So... He did say he would mark your map wherever there was a statue, didn't he? Then we should go check out those spots, right, Link?
I will be all right, Link. I will be waiting here with the children until you return! So...don't worry about us, OK?
That acquaintance of Telma's is visiting right now. He is very interested in that ancient statue down below the sanctuary... Actually, I do not know anything about the statue down below the sanctuary. You see, it was already there when I became the shaman here... If you are interested, you should descend and go see it yourself, Link.
Ilia and Ralis both got better... Everything's so great here! But...you aren't trying to help just the people HERE, are you. You're trying to help everyone in the world, right, Link? No matter how long it takes for you to come back, we'll be waiting for you, Link! When I grow up, if I have a son, I'm gonna make sure he turns into a guy who can do everything...just like you, Link!
Ralis and Ilia and everyone else are all better now! I am so happy! But...Ralis left to be with his people, and everyone from Ordon will go back to their homes soon... With everyone all gone, things will be a lot quieter around here. And a lot lonelier...
You found one Sky character! A missing part of the word in the Ancient Sky Book has been restored. ...But there are still other missing characters. The Ancient Sky Book is filled with the missing characters! It's a clue to finding a path to the sky. Set it to B in the - screen and press B to show it to people. Set it to
and you won't have to swap it with B.
Link, isn't Shad waiting for you down below?
Ah, Link. Did you read my letter? As it turned out, that word I learned from you didn't do anything with the statues I found... After all that, I wonder how that word was supposed to be used... Since it was written in Sky Writing, I was sure it had some kind of meaning... Is that the book from last time? ...Hm? Are there more letters in the word than the last time I looked at this? How did you investigate the... Link, this is amazing! Amazing! Now THIS must be the word we need! Let's try it immediately! Ah! It has taken on the same shape as the other statues... What can this mean? And I thought we had solved the last of the riddles... Blast! How confounding! ...I must apologize, Link. I need to cool off a tad before I mull the problem further... Blast it! This thing has confounded me thoroughly...
Link?! How in blazes did you move that statue?! And...what's this... Amazing! Spectacular! This must be the Sky Cannon I read about in my father's notes! I knew that my intuition was onto something when it led me here! ...But how can one use this to get to the City in the Sky? Stunning... I feel almost...nervous! Just think, if we could get this to work, we could actually reach the City in the Sky...
A cannon, huh? What do you plan to do with this, Link?
You might figure something out if you try to move it... Oh, what to do, what to do? I'll carry it for you. I don't mind. Why don't we show it to someone who might know something about it?
...Except that guy's still watching us...
...Ahh! Perhaps... I am in your way? Well, forgive me for not realizing! I should just disappear at times like this, really. So... Let me know the results another time, Link. ...Ah yes! Let me give you one last piece of advice... That seems to be broken, so you'd do well to show it to a cannon expert first, I should say! Farewell!
...I wonder if I put him off?
Hey, buddy! So... Uh, is that yours? Heh heh... Hey, buddy, I never thought you'd get so hooked on fantastication that you'd try to build your own cannon! So...are you gonna give me the tour or what? Looks like you have a serious rig over there... Whoa! It's kind of...retro, huh? And there's no ignition device, so you can't even use it. Listen, buddy, I suppose I might be able to fix it for you... I mean, maybe... That is, if you can pay me 300 Rupees...in advance. Whaddaya say?
What? Really? What a waste... 'Cause I think this thing would pack a punch. Yeah, it would send you sky-high! Not that it's any of my business, though. Well, I gotta get back to work here, buddy... Thanks for flying with Fyer, fella. So... Wanna give it a shot, fella? No hidden fees for any flight! Just 10 Rupees! Press B to change your mind.
Ahh... That thing over there? Hurrrm, yeah, sure... Well, how about 300 Rupees? ...Sound good?
That's too bad, I coulda done a lot with that thing... I mean, you coulda flown up through the sky, I kid you not! Not that it's any of my business, though.
Heh heh... I knew you'd see the light, buddy. Now I'll just be a sec!
Here we go, buddy. All working as it should...I think. It may look like junk, but this thing's got some powerful innards! You're going to be knocking on the door to the heavens! Seriously, bud... It might be rough! So... I'm sorry for soaking you for the dough. I'll leave you alone, then. Heh heh... Well, you just have all the fun you want, OK, buddy? Well, I fixed it for you... If you wanna fly in it, knock yourself out!
Phew! Gracious, we made it back! Finally! Welcome, adventurer! This is the city sky of the Oocca. Erm, since you came all this way... I guess I can give you a tour of the city... EEEEEK!
Ooh, goodness... Brave adventurer, you won't believe it! There's a dragon raging outside the city walls... Ooh, I'm terribly worried about everyone... I'm going to check in that shop for survivors!
Ooh... Erm, sorry for earlier, adventurer... Ooh! But you're planning on walking around the city and taking it in, right?! I'm worried about the others and this is an emergency! I can't just stand around waiting! Please take me, too! I won't help you warp to the surface, but I WILL bring you back to this shop anytime!
Link, you did it! It's the fourth shard! Now we have them all! Hey...Link. The words of the sages... Do you remember them? Only the true ruler of the Twili can destroy the Mirror of Twilight. Zant could only break the Mirror of Twilight into shards... He couldn't utterly shatter it. That's proof of his false kingship. Link, we have to hurry! To the Mirror Chamber! After all, a fake is a fake...and no matter how much you dress it up, the real thing always wins! I'll get you out of here. You're sure there's nothing else you need to do, right?
Thank you so much, adventurer! Gracious, you've done so much for us, adventurer! I hope you'll come see us again sometime! What did you think of the heavens? If you like it up here, you can live here as long as like! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
What's that, honey? Ilia's memory?! Really? Mercy, if that isn't the BEST news I've heard all day! You did a great job, honey... You take good care of Ilia, you hear me? But... Then again, I suppose you've still got a few other things on your plate right now, don't you?
Yes, Link... I've been poring over literature since I saw you last. Thanks to you, I think I've gradually come to understand several different aspects of the riddle of the heavens... If I hadn't met you, I might have given up trying to bring my father's dream to fruition... I'm truly grateful for what you have done. Someday, perhaps, I can repay this debt. Link, have you seen the state Hyrule castle is in? I feel the same desire to bring peace to Hyrule. We all do. But right now, it's all we can do to try to endure... Our chance will surely come! That's why we both must continue doing what we can until that time comes!
Some call our realm a world of shadows, but that makes it sound unpleasant... The twilight there holds a serene beauty... You have seen it yourself as the sun sets on this world. Bathed in that light, all people were pure and gentle... But things changed once that foul power pervaded the world...
It was all our doing... We overestimated our abilities as sages and attempted to put an end to Ganondorf's evil magic... I hope you can find it in yourself to forgive our carelessness... Oh Twilight Princess.
What? So...you knew? As a ruler who fled her people, I'm hardly qualified to forgive you. In our world, we've long believed that the Hero would appear as a divine beast. That's why when I found you, I thought I could use you, Link. And I only cared about returning our world to normal... I didn't care what happened to the world of light, not at all. But after witnessing the selfless lengths that Princess Zelda and you have gone to... Your sacrifices... I now know, in the bottom of my heart, that I must save this world, too. There is no other way. If we can just defeat Zant, the curse on me will dissolve, and we may be able to revive Zelda. Let's go, Link! For Zelda! For all of this world!
Um, listen, Link. Can I ask you one last selfish favor? Regardless of what my reasons may have been, I once abandoned this world... I left behind the Twili. Those who had followed me... Who considered me their ruler... Even now, as they remain here, suffering, they believe that help will come for this world... But if they were to see that the only help for them was a hideous little imp... Don't you think they'd feel let down? It's only for a little bit longer... Do you mind if I continue to hide as your shadow while you're in human form? I'm sorry... Wait! This guy isn't an enemy, Link. They might look different, but...they're inhabitants of this world... They're my people. Zant... How could he...
Link, be careful... This black fog is made up of shadow crystals created by Zant. They blot out light... He's responsible for stealing the light from the spirits and turning your world into twilight... But he's not all-powerful. We're prepared too. I can return you to your normal state whenever you need, so don't worry, OK?
No, Link! The darkness is too powerful in fog like this. Remain in wolf form! That shining sphere illuminates this world. It's called a Sol. It's like the sun of your world, Link. The power of the Sol is the source of life in this world... It is pure power. Ah! As long as you have this... Would you take this Sol to the Twili at the entrance of this world? Please, Link!
I think you know what we need to do now, don't you? We'll get him next time!
Link... There should be one more Sol. If we can find that, it should lead us to Zant.
Light filled the Master Sword! Its blade glows with a golden light in the Twilight Realm. With it, you can cut through dark fog!
Amazing... The power of the Sols has been transferred to your sword... The guardian deities of my world are on our side, too! You really are the chosen one, Link... A true hero! As long as you have that sword, you should be able to repel the shadows Zant has spread! Shadow crystals flow like waterfalls here... There's no way we can get rid of all of them. Charge your sword up and release the power of the Sol all at once.
Zant. Isn't this ironic? Here we are, all thanks to the dark magic curse you placed on Link!
You speak of magic? Still your tongue for a moment, whelp, and I will tell you of both magic and the oppression of ages... The people of our tribe...a tribe that mastered the arts of magic...were locked away in this world like insects in a cage. In the shadows we regressed, so much so that we soon knew neither anger nor hatred...nor even the faintest bloom of desire. And all of it was the fault of a useless, do-nothing royal family that had resigned itself to this miserable half-existence! I had served and endured in that depraved household for far too long, my impudent princess. And why, you ask? Because I believed I would be the next to rule our people! THAT is why! But would they acknowledge me as their king? No! And as such, I was denied the magic powers befitting our ruler. It was then, in the thrall of hatred and despair, that I turned my eyes to the heavens...and found a god.
I shall house my power in you... If there is anything you desire, then I shall desire it, too.
My god had only one wish... To merge shadow and light...and make darkness!
Y-You...TRAITORS!
Traitors, ha! You want to know why none would call you king? It was your eyes, Zant. All saw it, a lust for power burning in your pupils... Did you think we'd forget our ancestors lost their king to such greed?
Midna... Foolish Twilight Princess... The curse on you cannot be broken... It was placed on you by the magic of my god! The power you held as leader of the Twili will never return! Already he has descended and been reborn in this world... As long as my master, Ganon, survives, he will resurrect me without cease!
I... I used just a fraction of the power that's in me now... I did THAT using only a fraction of my ancestor's magic?! Link! Now is the time! We must save Zelda! The evil power Zant was wielding... I couldn't take it from him. But at least I still have the magic of my ancestors... With it, I can return the cherished power Zelda bestowed upon me... Now! Let's go! Princess Zelda is waiting! I'll get you out of here. You're sure there's nothing else you need to do, right?
So Ganondorf was just using Zant to help him return to the world of light... I guess now we know the true nature of that barrier over Hyrule Castle... He's in Hyrule Castle, I'm sure of it... Princess Zelda is in grave danger! We must return to the world of light and hurry to the castle!
I have come to play!
Enough. I follow the strongest side! ...That is all I have ever known.
Link... He... ...He spoke.
Welcome to my castle.
So you're...Ganondorf. I've been dying to meet you.
Your people have long amused me, Midna. To defy the gods with such petty magic, only to be cast aside... How very pathetic. Pathetic as they were, though, they served me well. Their anguish was my nourishment. Their hatred bled across the void and awakened me. I drew deep of it and grew strong again. Your people had some skill, to be sure...but they lacked true power. The kind of absolute power that those chosen by the gods wield. He who wields such power would make a suitable king for this world, don't you think?
Ha! Such conceit! But if you are one of the chosen wielders of power, as you claim... I will risk everything to deny you!
Shadow has been moved by light, it seems... ...How amusing. Very well... Deny me, then! Yes, try to deny me... You and your little friend... Both of you, faithless fools who would dare to take up arms against the king of light and shadow... So you choose. And so you shall feel my wrath!
Pr-Princess... I... I...
Say nothing, Midna... Your heart and mine were as one, however briefly... Such suffering you have endured...
Spirits of the light! Wielders of the great power that shines far and wide upon the lands of our world... In my hour of need, grant me the light to banish evil! Link... Chosen hero! Lend us the last of your power! I'll try to slow Ganondorf with my light arrows! You target him and keep him within range of my arrows!
An impressive-looking blade... But nothing more. Would you hear my desire? To take this foul blade...and use it to blot out the light forever!
Do not think this ends here... The history of light and shadow will be written in blood!
What? Say something! Am I so beautiful that you've no words left?
Well...I guess this is farewell, huh? Light and shadow can't mix, as we all know. But... Never forget that there's another world bound to this one.
Shadow and light are two sides of the same coin... One cannot exist without the other. I know now the reason the goddesses left the Mirror of Twilight in this world... They left it because it was their design that we should meet. Yes... That is what I believe.
Zelda... Your words are kind, and your heart is true. If all in Hyrule are like you... Then maybe you'll do all right. Thank you... Well, the princess spoke truly: as long as that mirror's around, we could meet again... Link... I... See you later...