chapter i - midna's desperate hour
midna h-hurry...to where...princess zelda...waits... link enters castle town large black and white cat #1 i just hate the rain... i can't get comfortable whether i sit or stand! maybe my sixth sense is trying to tell me something... yeah... i just can't get comfortable today... brown cat #1 eek! that thing on your back... is it all right? that zora kid came through here looking as bad as that. why don't you take this one to telma's bar, too? you should ask telma at the bar about helping the creature on your back...
frog ribbit! normally i live in the underground passageway, but i came out because of the good weather. have you ever been below this town? it's really spacious! after all, the underground passage was made so that the hyrule soldiers could escape. ribbit! the underground passageway stretches about town and is very spacious! ribbit!
black cat oh, hello. this is my first time in this town... i'm looking for someone named louise. she's supposed to know this town well. where's the bar? it looks like there is no bar on this street... maybe i'll look somewhere else. large black and white cat #2 it's really coming down... at this rate, today's meeting will be cancelled...
small black and white cat you look so stern... with that look on your face, you'll frighten the humans! brown cat #2 haven't seen your face around here before... if you want to know about this town, then you should ask louise, telma's cat. if you want to know about this town, you should ask louise at telma's. link enters telma's bar
goron beast! get out! louise, telma's cat, speaks to link from the window ledge
louise you there! you're link, correct? mmm, yes, i thought so. i could just tell, you know. i'm louise. do you remember meeting me in this shop before? though i don't think we were properly introduced... in any case, i must tell you, i'm a bit puzzled as to why you look like that. really, dear, you can't blame the humans for tossing you out, the way you look. oh... another patient? you certainly are a curious sort...
midna ...plea... please... princes...z-zelda...
louise this way! here, get in through the window. the attic is connected to the castle's waterway. it's an old waterway, though...so it could be a rough trip. well... i suppose all that's left to do is make sure that the humans don't notice you. shouldn't you hurry to the castle, dear? use the window and find the passage in the back of the attic! are you so heavy...that you can't jump high enough? oh my. there must be another way to climb in! think! what? they kicked you out again? difficult to be stealthy when one is so bulky, i'd imagine... be careful when the footing's not stable or you'll fall, dear. do walk carefully when you move around the attic. be careful when the footing's not stable or you'll fall, dear. link enters through the window
goron the elder told me to escort telma, but... this city air does not suit my skin... ugh... i cannot wait to return home and soak in the hot spring...
telma how's it come to this, huh? monsters walking in the streets of town... what in the world are the soldiers in hyrule doing?! the gorons are so much more reliable than they are, it's not even funny! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
auru i heard that an acquaintance of telma's defeated the beast that had been attacking tourists on the bridge. yes, you remember that young man who came by here the other day? his name was link...
ashei you don't mean...the hero-type? unbelievable... so that getup wasn't just a costume...
shad well now, if that isn't a bit of a shock! i was rather snotty to him, if i recall... i suppose i should apologize when i see him next... i'd hate for him to resort to fisticuffs or some such! if you've never talked to them before
auru i heard that an acquaintance of telma's defeated the beast that had been attacking tourists on the bridge. his name was link... it sounds as though he brought telma and her young ward to kakariko village.
ashei and here i was, thinking hyrule was empty of men of valor...
shad oh, no, i don't believe he's from hyrule proper at all. no, my understanding is that he's from the small neighboring province of ordona. this may sound horribly elitist...but people who do not know the city simply do not know fear. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ if you knock a jar to the ground
goron what?! what was that sound?! on the other side is entry into jovani's house
jovani h-hey! where did that ghost come from?! h-hey! don't just stand there! get that ghost! link defeats the poe
jovani oh... th-thanks for beating the ghost. can i call you...doggie? i'm jovani. i...became consumed by greed long ago, and sold my soul to a dark creature that did this to me... i can't move... i can't go see my girlfriend... my pet cat gengle is frozen on my head... i don't think i could be more miserable... i have to ask you a favor, doggie... can you find and defeat the 20 ghosts that lurk in the dark for me? i think if you can free the pieces of my soul from the ghosts that hold them, i'll be free... oh, but it's raining out now, so i don't think you can go outside directly. i'll open the door to the underground waterway for you... once the rain stops, you can come back in here by digging around the front wall where the cats gather... understand, doggie? that treasure chest is connected to the underground waterway... you can get out from there. once you've found and defeated the 20 ghosts that lurk in the darkness, come here by digging by the wall where the cats gather... link eventually enters zelda's room through a window
midna please... please tell me... how do we break...the curse on this one? this...is the one... you need him...to save your world! that's why... princess... please... you must help link...
zelda what binds him is a different magic than what transformed him when he first passed the curtain of twilight. it is an evil power. our world is one of balance... just as there is light to drive away darkness, so, too, is there benevolence to banish evil. head for the sacred grove that lies deep within the lands guarded by the spirit faron. there you will find the blade of evil's bane that was crafted by the wisdom of the ancient sages...the master sword. the master sword is a sacred blade that evil can never touch. evil cloaks you like a dark veil...and that blade is the only thing that can cleave it. link... hero sent by the goddesses... like you, i have been granted special powers by the goddesses...
midna fine... link... you can... you can get to the woods...on your own, right? princess... i have one last request... can you tell him...where to find the mirror of twilight?
zelda midna... i believe i understand now just who and what you are... despite your mortal injuries, you act in our stead... these dark times are the result of our deeds, yet it is you who have reaped the penalty. accept this now, midna. i pass it to you... zelda passes on her power and disappears
midna no! link! stop her! we go back, link! back to faron woods! zelda... i've taken all that you had to give...though i did not want it.